urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.1#ARE V XE OHER
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.2#Ꜩih varal Quiche vbi.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.3#Varal xchicaꜩibah vi xchica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.4#tiquiba vi oher ꜩih, vticaribal,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.5#vxenabal puch ronohel xban,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.6#pa tinamit quiche, ramac qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.7#che vinac; arecut xchicacam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.8#vi vcutunizaxic, vcalahobiza
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.9#xic, vꜩihoxic puch euaxibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.10#zaquiribal rumal ꜩacol bitol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.11#alom, qaholom quibi hun ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.12#pu vuch, hun ahpu vtiu, za
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.13#quinimac ꜩÿz, tepeu, qucumaꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.14#vqux cho, vqux palo, ah ra
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.15#xalaꜫ, ah raxaꜩel chu qha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.16#xic, rachbixic, rachꜩihoxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.17#rÿ iyom, mamom xpiyacoc,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.18#xmucane vbi, maꜩanel chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.19#quenel camul yiom, camul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.20#mamom chuqhaxic pa quiche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.21#ꜩih. ta xquiꜩihoh ronohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.22#ruq xquiban chic chizaquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.23#qolem, zaquil ꜩih vae xchi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.24#caꜩibah chupan chic vqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.25#bal Dios pa christianoil chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.26#xchiquelezah rumal maha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.27#bi chic ilbal re popo vvh. il
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.28#bal zac petenac chaca palo.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.29#vꜩihoxic camuhibal ilbal zac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.30#qazlem chuqhaxic. qo nabe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.31#vuhil, oher ꜩibam puch xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.32#eval vvach ilol re, bizol re,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.33#nim vpeoxic, vꜩihoxic puch,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.34#ta chiquiz ꜩuk ronohel cah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.35#vleu, vcah ꜩucuxic, vcah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.36#xucutaxic retaxic, vcah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.37#cheexic, vmeh camaxic, vyuc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.38#camaxic vpa cah, vpa vleu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.39#cah ꜩuc, cah xu cut chuqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.40#xic rumal ri ꜩacol bitol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.41#vchuch, vcahau qazlem vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.42#naquirem, abanel, quxla
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.43#nel, alay rech, quxlaay
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.44#rech zaquil amaquil, za
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.45#quil al, zaquil qahol, ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.46#biz, ahnaoh chirech ronohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.1#ato qol vi cah vleu cho palo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.2#ARE V ꜨIHOXIC VAE
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.3#Cacaꜩinin oc, caca chamam oc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.4#caꜩinonic cacazilanic, caca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.5#lolinic, catolona puch v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.6#pa cah.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.7#Vae cute nabe ꜩih nabe vch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.8#an. mahabi oꜫ hun vinac, hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.9#chicop, ꜩiquin, car, tap, che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.10#abah, hul, zivan, quim, qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.11#chelah; xa v tu quel cah qolic.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.12#maui calah v vach vleu; xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.13#vtuquel remanic palo vpa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.14#cah, ronohel, mahabi na quila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.15#camolobic, cacoꜩobic, hun ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.16#cazilobic camal cabantah, ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.17#coꜩ cabantah pa cah. xma qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.18#vinaquila qolic, yacalic; xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.19#remanic ha, xa lianic palo, xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.20#vtuquel remanic, xma qo vi na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.21#quilalo qolic; xa cachamanic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.22#caꜩininic chi queꜫum, chi aꜫab,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.23#xa vtuquel ri ꜩacol, bitol, te
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.24#peu, gucumaꜩ e alom, e qaho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.25#lom qo pa ha zactetoh e qovi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.26#e mucutal pa cuc, pa raxon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.27#are vbinaam viri gucumaꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.28#e nimac etamanel, e nimac ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.29#naoh chiqui qoheic; quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.30#cut xax qo vi ri cah qonaipu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.31#ch vqux cah are vbi ri ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.32#bauil chuqhaxic.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.33#Ta xpe cut vꜩih varal xul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.34#cuq ri tepeu gucumaꜩ varal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.35#chi quecumal chi aꜫabal xqh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.36#au ruq ri tepeu gucumaꜩ, xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.37#qha cut, ta xenaohinic, ta xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.38#bizonic, xerico quib, xquicuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.39#qui ꜩih, qui naoh, ta xcalah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.40#ta xquiquxlaah quib. zac ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.41#xcalah puch vinac, ta xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.42#naohih v ꜩuquic v vinaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.43#ric che, caam, v ꜩucuquic pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.44#ch qazlem vinaquirem chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.45#queꜫumal, chi aꜫabal, rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f01s1.46#ri vqux cah huracan vbi,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.1#caculha huracan nabe, vcab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.2#cut chipa caculha, roxchic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.3#raxa caculha chi e cu oxib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.4#rÿ vqux cah ta xeul cuq ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.5#tepeu gucumaꜩ, ta xnaohi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.6#xic zac qazlem, hupacha ta cha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.7#uaxoc ta caquiro puch, apa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.8#chinac ꜩucul cool ta chuxoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.9#quixnohintah. areri ha chel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.10#tah chihamatah, chivinaquir
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.11#va vleu vlaquel ta curib cha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.12#ta cut, ta chauaxoc ta zaquiroc,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.13#cah vleu, ma ta cut v quihila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.14#bal vcalaibal rÿ caꜩac ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.15#bit ta vinaquiroc vinac ꜩac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.16#vinac bit xeqha cut ta xvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.17#naquir cu ri vleu cumal; xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.18#quiꜩih xqohe vi v vinaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.19#ric chivinaquir vleu, vleuh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.20#xecha libah chi xvinaquiric;
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.21#queheri xa ꜩuꜩ xa mayui v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.22#vinaquiric chic u pupuheic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.23#ta xtape pa ha ri huiub hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.24#zuc nimac huyub xuxic xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.25#qui naual xa qui puz xbana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.26#tah vi vnaohixic huyub ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.27#cah, huzuc rach vinaquiric
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.28#v quizizil, v pachahil v vach.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.29#quehe cut xquicot vi ri qu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.30#cumaꜩ, vꜩ mi xatulic at vqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.31#cah, at huracan, at pu chipi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.32#caculha, raxa caculha, xchu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.33#ꜩinic caꜩac cabit xeqha cut.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.34#nabe cut xvinaquir vleuh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.35#huyub tacah, xchobochox vbe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.36#ha xbiniheic colehe racan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.37#xol tac huyub, xa chobol chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.38#xeqohe vi ha, ta xcutunihe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.39#ic nimac huyub. quehe cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.40#v vinaquiric vlew ri ta xvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.41#naquiric cumal ri vqu x cah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.42#vqux vleu quevchaxic rÿ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.43#cute nabe xquinohih xcolo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.44#vi ri cah, xcolo nai puch v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.45#leuh chupan ha. quehe cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.46#vnaohixic ri ta xquinohih ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s1.47#xquibizoh ruꜩinic vbana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.1#tahic cumal.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.2#Ta xquinohih chic vchicop
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.3#il huyub chahal re quichelah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.4#ronohel, vvinaquil huyub ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.5#quieh, ꜩiquin, qoh, balam, cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.6#maꜩ, zochoh, canti chahal ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.7#am cacha ri alom, qaholom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.8#xa pa chilolinic, maxa on chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.9#ꜩininic vxeche, caam, cate vꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.10#chiqohe chahal re xeqha cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.11#ta xquinohih, xqhiꜩihoh puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.12#huzu cu xvinaquir queh ꜩiquin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.13#ta zquizipah cut rochoch qu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.14#eh ꜩiquin. at queh pa beyaa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.15#pa zivan catvar vi, varal cat
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.16#qohe vi pa quim pa zacul, pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.17#quechelah, quipoco vi ivib, ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.18#hcah ibinibal, ychacabal chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.19#xic xevqhaxic ta xquichic cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.20#cochoch chuti ꜩiquin, nima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.21#ꜩiquin. ixix ꜩiquin chuvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.22#che, chuvi caam quixochoch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.23#in vi, quixhain vi, chiri quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.24#poc vi, quixquiritah vi chu e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.25#ab che, chueab caam xevqh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.26#axic quieh ꜩiquin taxquiba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.27#no quibanoh ronohel xuca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.28#mo v varabal, v yacalibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.29#quehe cut cochoch vi chicop
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.30#ri vleu xuyao alom, qaho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.31#lom. xuꜩininaca chic ronohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.32#ri queh ꜩiquin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.33#Ta xevqhax chicut rÿ queh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.34#ꜩiquin rumal ꜩacol bitol a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.35#lom, qaholom: quixqhauoc ,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.36#quixziquinoc mi xyonoliqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.37#nic, mixziquinic, quixqha va he
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.38#tah chi huhunal, chu hutac chobil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.39#chi hutac molahil, xevqhaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.40#ri queh ꜩiquin qoh, balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.41#cumaꜩ, chibÿhnacut ri ca bi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.42#cohicaharizah, oh ichuch, oh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.43#icahau quiqha va na cut, hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.44#racan, chipi caculha, raxa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.45#caculha, vqux cah, vquxvle
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f02s2.46#uh, ꜩacol, bitol, alom qaholõ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.1#quixqhaoc cohiziquih, cohiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.2#hila, xevqhaxic. macu xuꜩinic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.3#xeqhauic, queheta ri vinac, xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.4#quevachelahic, xa quecaralahic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.5#xa quevohonic; mavi xvachinic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.6#v vach qui qhabal, halahoh xco
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.7#quibeh chi qui huhunal. ta xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.8#ta ri ꜩacol bitol maui mi xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.9#ꜩinic, mi xeqhauic, xeqha chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.10#qui bil quib maui mixuꜩin v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.11#bixic cabi rumal oh cah ꜩac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.12#oh pu cah bit mavi vꜩ xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.13#chic chiquibil quib ri alom qa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.14#holom, xevqhax cut xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.15#quixhalatahic rumal maui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.16#mi xuꜩinic maui mi xixqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.17#vic, mi cu xcahal caꜩih iv
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.18#echa i cuxun, ivarabal i ia
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.19#calibal xivech vi mixeuxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.20#zivan quechelah rumal ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.21#vi xuꜩin caquihiloxic mavi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.22#ix ziquÿ que ca qo couilo qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.23#hilonel nimanel chi caban chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.24#xa chicam i patan xa i tiohil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.25#chica chic ta chuxoc. are cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.26#chipatanih, xevqhaxic ta xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.27#pixabaxic chuti chicop nima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.28#chicop qo chuvach vleu. ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.29#xrah cu quitih chic qui quih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.30#xrah quitihtobeh chic, xrah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.31#pu quinuc chic quihilabal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.32#xma xquita vi qui qhabal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.33#chiquibil quib. xma xnaua
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.34#chir vi cut, xma xbanatahvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.35#puch, quehe cut xechacatah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.36#vi quitiohil, xquipatanih xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.37#tÿc, xecamizaxic, ri chicop qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.38#varal chuvach vleuh, que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.39#he cut v tihtobexic chic vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.40#ꜩac vinac bit cumal ꜩacol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.41#bitol alom, qaholom xa ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.42#tiha chic, mi xyopih ravaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.43#v zaquiric cabana ꜩucul que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.44#cool que hupacha ta coh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.45#ziquixoc, ta cohnabax puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.46#chuvach vleuh. mi xcatiho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s1.47#chirech rinabe ca ꜩac, ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.1#bit maui mi xuꜩinic ca quihilo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.2#xic, ca calaixic puch cumal, que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.3#he cut catiha vi vbanic ah nim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.4#ah xob ꜩucul, cool xeqha ta v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.5#ꜩaquic cut vbanic puch, vle
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.6#v xocol vtiohil xquibano ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.7#cu vꜩ xquilo, xa chiyohoma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.8#nic, xa ꜩubulic, xa nebelic, xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.9#lubanic, xa vulanic, xa pu chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.10#vmaric, maui chicolol vholó
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.11#xa hum benac vi vvach, xacu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.12#luvach maui chimucun chirih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.13#chichau nabec, mahabi vnaoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.14#xa huzuc chiumar paha, maui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.15#qo, xeqha chicuri ah ꜩac ah bit.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.16#cauach labec ta chuxoc xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.17#labe maui chibinic, ma pu chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.18#pocotahic ta chuxoc xavnaoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.19#chiri xecha ta xquiyoh cut x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.20#quiyoc chic riqui ꜩac quibit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.21#xeqha chicut hupacha qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.22#chicabano chuꜩin ta vi chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.23#nauachir ta vi quihiloy quech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.24#ziquÿ quech xecha ta xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.25#naohih chic xa cabÿh chique
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.26#xpiyacoc, xmucane, hun ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.27#pu vuch, hun ahpu vtiu. qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.28#tiha chic vquihixic vbitaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.29#xevqhan qui quib ah ꜩac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.30#ah bit. Ta xquibÿh cut chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.31#xpiyacoc, xmucane cate cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.32#vbixic ri chiquech ri enic vachi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.33#nel, ratit quih ratit zac que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.34#vqhaxic cumal ri ꜩacol bitol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.35#are qui bi ri xpiyacoc, xmuca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.36#ne
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.37#Xeqha qu ri huracan ruq te
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.38#peu gucumaꜩ ta xquibih chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.39#ch ahquih ah bit enic vachi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.40#nel xuculu, xa pu churico che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.41#ta chic chi cauinac bitoh, chica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.42#vinac ꜩacoh ta chic ꜩucul cool coh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.43#ziquixtah, cohnabaxtah puch, ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.44#toc ta cut pa ꜩih iyom mamom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.45#catit camam xpiyacoc, xmuca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.46#ne chatah ta chavaxoc, ta zaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f03s2.47#roc ca ziquixic, ca toquexic ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.1#nabaxic rumal vinac ꜩac, vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.2#bit, vinac poy, vinac anom cha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.3#ta chuxoc chicutun ibi hunahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.4#vuch, hunahpu vtiu camul alo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.5#m, camul qaholom nimac nima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.6#ꜩÿz ah cuval ah yamanic ah chut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.7#ahꜩalam, ah raxalac, ah raxazel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.8#ah eol, ah toltecat ratit quih ra
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.9#tiꜩac quixvqhaxic rumal caꜩac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.10#cabit chimala chi ixim, chi ꜩite
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.11#xa chibanatahic xa pu chel apan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.12#oc chicahah chicacotah puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.13#vchi vvach che xevqhaxic e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.14#ah quih cate puch vcahic v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.15#quihiloxic ri xmalic chi ixim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.16#chiꜩite quih bit xeqha quri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.17#hunatit hunmama chiquech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.18#are ri mama are ahꜩite xpi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.19#yacoc vbi. arecu riatit ahquih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.20#ahbit chi racan xmucane vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.21#xeqha cut ta x quitiquiba quih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.22#xa chuculu xa pu chu rico ch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.23#abÿh cata caxiquin, caqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.24#uic caꜩihontah xa chuculu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.25#ri che chahavaxic chicotox
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.26#puch cumal ahꜩac ahbit.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.27#ve are ꜩucul cool ta chavax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.28#oc tazaquiroc at ixim at ꜩi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.29#te, at quih, at bit. catchoco
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.30#nic cattaquentah xqha chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.31#re ixim q,ite, quih bit. cat
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.32#quixla vloc at vqux cah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.33#macahizah vchi vvach tepeu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.34#gucumaꜩ xeqha ta xquibih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.35#cut v zuculiquil vꜩ are chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.36#xic ri i poy aham che chiqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.37#uic chiꜩihon bala chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.38#vleu ta chuxoc xeqha cut ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.39#xquibih huzuc xbanic poy a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.40#ham che xe vinac vachinic xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.41#vinac ꜩihonic puch are vina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.42#quil vvach vleu xevxic xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.43#poquic xemealanic, xeqaho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.44#lonic ri poy aham che macu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.45#habi qui qux ma pu habi qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.46#naoh maui natal cah ꜩac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s1.47#cah bit xaloc xebinic, xecha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.1#canic maui xquinatah chic ri v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.2#qux cah quehe cut xepah chivi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.3#xa vtihtobexic xa pu v va ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.4#bexic chi vinac queqhau na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.5#bec, xa chaquih qui vach mana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.6#zonol cacan, quieab mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.7#qui quiquel, qui comahil, ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.8#habi qui ticoual, qui cabchÿal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.9#cha quih coꜩ qoh qui vach. ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.10#pichipoh cacan, quicab caie
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.11#ioh quitiohil quehe cut maui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.12#xenau chivi chuvach ꜩacol bi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.13#tol alai quech, quxlaai quech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.14#enabe ꜩaꜩ chivinac xevxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.15#varal chuvach vleu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.16#Catecut qui quÿzic chic qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.17#mayxic qui cutuxic puch xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.18#camizax chic poy aham che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.19#ta xnohix quibutic rumal vqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.20#cah nima butic xbanic xpe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.21#pa quivi ri e poy e aham che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.22#q,ite vtiohil ri achih, ta xaha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.23#xic, rumal ꜩacol bitol, ixoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.24#zibac cut vtiohil ixoc. xrah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.25#oquic rumal ꜩacol bitol maui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.26#xenauic, ma pu xeqhauic chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.27#vach cah ꜩac, cah bit banol que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.28#vinaquirizay quech quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.29#cut qui ca mizaxic xebutic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.30#xpe nima eol chila chicah.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.31#xe cotcovach vbi, xcotin vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.32#vbac qui vach, xepe camaloꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.33#xcupin vla quiholom, xpe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.34#coꜩbalam. xtio quitiohil, xpe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.35#tucumbalam xtucuuic xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.36#chouic quibaquil, quibochil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.37#xcahixic, xmuchulixic qui ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.38#quil, cahizabal qui vach; ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.39#mal maui quinauic chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.40#qui chuch, chuvach puch qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.41#cahau, ri vqux cah, huracan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.42#vbi, cumal xquecumaric v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.43#vach vleu, xticaric quecal hab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.44#quihil hab, acabal hab xoc vla
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.45#chuti chicop nima chicop xcut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.46#qui vach rumal che abah. x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f04s2.47#qhauic ronohel qui quebal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.1#quixot, qui lac, qui boh, qui ꜩi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.2#quieaa, haruh pala ronohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.3#xcutu qui vach cax xiban
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.4#chique, xohitio ixchi cut x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.5#quixcati chic xqhari qui ꜩi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.6#cac chiquech. re cu ri ꜫaa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.7#xohcoconic iuumal hu ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.8#quih, hu ta quih, xquec zaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.9#ric amaquel holi, holi, hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.10#qui, huqui ca vach ivumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.11#are ta nabe capatan chiva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.12#ch, ixtana vinac vaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.13#mic cut xchitih ca chucab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.14#xchicaqueeh, xchicahoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.15#puch i tiohil xqhari qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.16#ꜫaa chique. are curi qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.17#ꜩi xqha chic ta xqhauic, na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.18#qui pa rumal maui chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.19#ya cava, xa cohmucunic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.20#xa pu cohicuxih vloc, coh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.21#izac pu vloc yacal vbi ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.22#cheel ivumal ta quixva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.23#ic xere cohivuchaah vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.24#maui cohqhauic mata cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.25#mi xohcamic chiue hu pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.26#cha maui mi xixnauic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.27#xixnau ta cut chiuih ta cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.28#xohzach vi, vacamic cut x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.29#chitih cabac qo pa ca chi x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.30#quixcatio xeqha ri ꜩi chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.31#que ta xcut qui vach. are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.32#chicuri qui xot, qui boh x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.33#chau chic chique: cax, va xi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.34#ban chique xac ca chi, xac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.35#ca vach; amaquel oh ꜩacal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.36#chuuicac cohicato maui cax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.37#xcanao, xchitih cut xquix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.38#caporoh xcha ri qui boh ro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.39#nohel xcutu qui vach. areri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.40#abah ri quixcub chitaninic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.41#chipe paꜫaꜫ taeal chi qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.42#holom, cax xban chique.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.43#anilabic que mal malihab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.44#chic querah acanic chuvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.45#ha xa chiu vlih ha queꜩac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.46#vloc, querah acan chuvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s1.47#che queqhaquix vloc ruma che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.1#querah oc pahul xa chiyuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.2#hul chi qui vach; que he cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.3#vcayohic vinac ꜩac vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.4#bit, eꜩixel, e ꜩalaꜩoxel chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.5#vinac xmayxic, xcutuxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.6#quichi qui vach conohel, xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.7#cut are retal ri qoy qo pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.8#quechelah vacamic, are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.9#xqohe vi retal rumal xache
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.10#quitiohil xcohic rumal ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.11#ꜩac ahbit, arecuri qoy que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.12#heri vinac chivachinic retal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.13#hule vinac ꜩac, vinac bit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.14#xapoy, xapu ahamche.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.14#Are cut xa hubic zac na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.15.1#tanoh vvachvleu mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.16#quih hun cut cunimarizah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.17#rib, vvcub caquix vbi, qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.18#nabe cah vleu, xa ca moy
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.19#mot v vach quih ic caqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.20#curi: xaui xere vzaquetal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.21#vinac rÿ, xbutic queheri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.22#naual vinac vqoheic in
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.23#nim quiqohe chic chuvi vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.24#nac ꜩaC vinac bit in vquih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.25#in pu vzac in naipu riquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.26#ta chuxoc, nim nu zaquil in
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.27#binibal, in pu chacabal ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.28#mal vinac. rumal puvac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.29#vbac nuvach xa catilto
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.30#tic chi yamanic raxa cuval
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.31#naypu ve raxcauacoh chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.32#abah queheri v va cah are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.33#curi nu ꜩam zachuluhuh chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.34#nah queheri ic puvac cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.35#nu calibal cazac paque v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.36#vach vleu ta quinel vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.37#chuvach nu calibal quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.38#cut in quih vi in pu ic ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.39#mal zaquil al zaquil qahol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.40#ta chuxoc rumal chinah copon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.41#vi nu vach: qhari vucub ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.42#quix macu quiꜩih are ta quih,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.43#ri, vcub caquix xere cunima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.44#rizah rib rivxic vpuvaC
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.45#xere cut tocol vi v vach ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f05s2.46#chicube vi mana ronohelta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.1#vxecah copon vi vvach. maha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.2#cut qui quiloc v vach quih, ic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.3#chumil mahaoc cazaquiroc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.4#quehe cut cucobizah vi rib ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.5#vucub caquix chiquihil, chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.6#iquil xa maha chicatunoc chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.7#calahoboc vzaquil quih ic xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.8#xuraih nimal icouen are ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.9#xbanic butic cumal poy aham
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.10#che quehe cut xchicabÿh chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.11#ta xcamic vucub caquix ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.12#xchacatahic, ta xbanatahic vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.13#nac rumal ahꜩac, ahbit.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.14#Vae vxe vchacatahic v yi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.15#coxic chi puch v quih vucub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.16#ca quix cumal e caib qaholab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.17#hun ahpu vbi hun, xbalan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.18#que vbi vcab xavi e caba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.19#uil rumal iꜩel xquilo ri ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.20#marizai rib xrah vban chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.21#vach vqux cah, xqha curi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.22#qaholab mavi vꜩ ta chuxoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.23#mavi chiqaze vinac varal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.24#chuvach vleu quehe cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.25#chicatih, v vbaxic chuvi re
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.26#cha chica v vbah vi chiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.27#chicacoh vi viab ta quizoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.28#v quinomal, v xit, v puvac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.29#v cual, v yamanic ri cuca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.30#cabeh que he cut chubano
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.31#ronohel vinac. maui are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.32#chivinaquir vi ꜫaꜫal ri xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.33#puvac ta chuxoc xeqha ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.34#qaholab huhun chi vb qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.35#telen qui cabichal are cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.36#ri vvcub caquix e caib v qa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.37#hol are nabe al ri zipac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.38#na, vcab al chicut ri cab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.39#racan chimalmat cut vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.40#qui chuch rixoquil ri v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.41#vcub caquix are curi zi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.42#pacna are chirechaah ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.43#nimac huiub. ri chicac hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.44#ahpu pe cul ya xcanul ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.45#camob huliznab chuchaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.46#vbi huiub xqolic ta chi za
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s1.47#quiric xa hun aꜫab chi vi-
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.1#naquiric rumal ri zipacna
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.2#are ri chicuri cabracan chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.3#zilab huiub rumal chi ne
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.4#bouic chuti huiub, nima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.5#huyub rumal, xaui quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.6#nimarizabal quib xquiba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.7#no vqahol vvcub caquix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.8#ixva, in quih xqha vucub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.9#caquix inva, in banol vleu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.10#xqha ri zipacna, in chicut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.11#quiyou cah chinvlih rono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.12#hel vleu xqhari
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.13#xavi vqahol vvcub caquix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.14#xaui chiri xquicam vi qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.15#nimal chirih qui cahau are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.16#cut iꜩel xquil vi qaholab,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.17#maha chibantahoc canabe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.18#chuch canabe cahau quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.19#cut xnohix vi qui camic qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.20#zachic cumal qaholab.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.21#Vae cute v vbaxic vvcub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.22#caquix cumal caib qaholab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.23#xch cabÿh qui chacatahic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.24#chi qui huhunal ri nimari
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.25#zai rib.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.25#are ri vvcub ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.26#quix hun nima che ri ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.27#pal are cu recha ri vvcub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.28#caquix are chulo ri v vach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.29#tapal chacan chui che huta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.30#quih xilo macut rechabal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.31#cumal ri hun ahpu, xbalan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.32#que, quicacalen chicut chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.33#xe che ri vvcub ca quix e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.34#maꜩamoh vlo ri caib qaho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.35#lab pa xac che ta xopon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.36#cut vcub ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.37#quix tacal chui recha ri ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.38#pal cate cut ta xubaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.39#cumal ri hun hunahpu ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.40#cal vbac vub chu ca eate
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.41#churacuh vchi ta xpe chui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.42#che tacal chvach vleu chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.43#malmat cut ri hun hunah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.44#pu anim xbec quiꜩih vi x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.45#be vqhapa, cate cut ta x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.46#cupix vla veab rihun hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f06s2.47#nahpu rumal ri vvcub ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.1#quix, huzuc xꜩac vloc, xme
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.2#ho vloc, ꜩam vteleb ta xuꜩo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.3#copih chi cut hunhunahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.4#ri vvcub caquix xavi vꜩ x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.5#quibano ma nabe quicha ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.6#tahic tah rumal vvcub ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.7#quix. vcaam chi cut veab ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.8#hunhunahpu rumal ri vu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.9#cub caquix ta xbe chi rochoch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.10#xa chi cu vlotem vꜫaꜫate xo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.11#ponic. naqui pa mi xcamou. chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.12#la xqha cu ri chimalmat ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.13#xoquil vvcub caquix. na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.14#qui pa ri ri e caib qaxtoq mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.15#xiquivubah, mi xzilibatah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.16#nu ꜫaꜫate rumal xacachu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.17#iu ahe ve cacoxou chic mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.18#nabe mixnucam vloc chuvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.19#ꜫaꜫ cut chixeque vi chiꜩa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.20#iaba chuvi ꜫaꜫ ta cul qui ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.21#ma chic quiꜩih chi e qaxtoq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.22#xqha ri vvcub caquix, ta xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.23#xequeba veab ri hunahpu.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.24#qui naohinic chic ri huhun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.25#ahpu, xbalanq’ ta xquibih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.26#cut chirech hun mama qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.27#ꜩih zac chic rizmal vi chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.28#mama, hun cu atit quiꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.29#quemel atit chic, xa quelu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.30#cuquila chic chirihitac vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.31#nac. zaqui nim ac vbi ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.32#ma zaqui nima ꜩiz cut vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.33#atit xeqha curi qaholab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.34#chique ri atit mama quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.35#cachbilahtah chibe ta cama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.36#caeab ruq vucub caquix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.37#xa cohtere chivih, quiri ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.38#mam ri cachbilan caminac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.39#qui chuch qui cahau quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.40#cut que tere co tila vi chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.41#quih tala quecazipah vi ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.42#mal xa elezan vchicopil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.43#eiah cacabano quixqha que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.44#he curi oh acalab chirilo ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.45#vvcub caquix, xavi oh qoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.46#yavic inaoh, xeqha ri e ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s1.47#ib qaholab; vꜩ bala xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.1#cut. cate cut ta xebec ꜩamal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.2#cubi ri vvcub caquix chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.3#v calibal, ta xeicouic ri atit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.4#mama queeꜩeyah curi eca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.5#ib qaholab chiquih ta xei
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.6#cou chuxe rochoch ahau cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.7#racuh cu vchi ri vvcub ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.8#quix rumal re. ta xril cut v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.9#vcub caquix ri mama atit ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.10#chbilan quib apa quixpe vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.11#camam, xqha curi ahau xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.12#oh ꜩucubei quib lal ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.13#xeqha cut. naquipa iꜩucu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.14#bal maivalcval ri ivachbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.15#lan, mahabi lalahau eca ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.16#mam ri, xere nare catocobah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.17#qui vach ri yaaxel hupir cha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.18#cap cacaya chiquech lal ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.19#xeqha cut ri atit mama cuꜩin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.20#curi ahau rumal vcoxom re
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.21#xa cunimac vachih chic ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.22#qhavic intabacanih chivech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.23#chitocobah ta nuvach, na qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.24#pa quichibano, naquion
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.25#qui chicunah, xqha cut ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.26#xa vchicopil eiah chique
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.27#lezah, xacu vbac vvach chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.28#cacunah xabac chicavico lal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.29#ahau, xeqha cut. vꜩbala chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.30#cunah ta ba ve quiꜩih caco
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.31#xouic hutaquih maui choqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.32#tahic, mahabi nu varam rum
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.33#al ruq vbac nu vach xa xi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.34#quivbah e caib qaxtoq ta xti-
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.35#caric, maui quinechahic rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.36#quehe ta cut chitocobah vi nu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.37#vach, xa cachuiub vehe chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.38#rive, vꜩbala lal ahau chicop
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.39#ba cacaxuuic xachoc v que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.40#xel chel ri ela. maba vꜩlo chel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.41#ri ve rumal xere in ahau vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.42#nu caubal ri ve. ruq vbac nu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.43#vach. xchicacoh chic nacut v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.44#quexel hocombac xchoc chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.45#are cut hocombac pri xa zaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.46#ixim vꜩbala chivelezah chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f07s2.47#too vloc xqha cut ta xel curi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.1#re vvcub caquix. xa zaqui ixim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.2#vquexel re xoquic, xa chi cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.3#zac huluhuh chi vla ixim pu chi. huzu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.4#cu xcah v vach maui ahau chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.5#xvachinic xquiz elic ri re cuval
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.6#raxcauacoh puchi ta xcunax chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.7#cut vbac vvach vvcub caquix ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.8#xcholic vbac vvach xquiz elic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.9#ri puvac mana cax tah xunao
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.10#xaui xere camucunic ta xquiz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.11#cu elic ri vnimarizabal rib xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.12#ui quinaoh ri hunahpu, xbalan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.13#que ta xcam cut ri vvcub caquix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.14#ta xucam cut veab ri hun ahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.15#xcam naipuch chimalmat ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.16#xoquil vvcub caquix, quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.17#cut vzachic vquinomal vvcub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.18#caquix ri xa ahqun xcamo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.19#uic ri cuval yamanic xu pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.20#nabeh varal chuvach vleu.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.21#hu pah chic xziquinic ta xcaha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.22#panoc ri che ocu mi xuꜩinic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.23#qui vꜩ mi xcabano chire mix-
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.24#ca mic, atalabe chita quen chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.25#bano, chuchacuh ta chuxoc v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.26#nabe la xucoh vla rib cuq chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.27#caxol puch la oh omuch chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.28#qaholab xeqha cut que qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.29#cot chic qo ri vbanic ca qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.30#oxih checevic oxih puch chicu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.31#cah la cabobal naual atit, na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.32#ual mama xbanouic ta xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.33#cam cut quieab xtiquitax v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.34#coc vꜩchic xuxic. xa rumal v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.35#camic vvcub caquix xcah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.36#quehe xquibano iꜩel xquilo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.37#nimarizabal ib cate cut xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.38#be chic e caib qaholab, xa vꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.39#ri vqux cah ta xquibano.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.40#Vae chi cute vbanoh chic zi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.41#pacna v nabe qahol vvcub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.42#caquix, in banol huyub ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.43#qha ri zipacna are curi zipac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.44#na catinic chuchi ha ta xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.45#icouic omuch qaholab e hurui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.46#che racan qui cabal, omuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s1.47#chubinic, ta xquicat cut hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.1#nimache v vapalil qui cabal ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.2#te cut xbe ri zipacna xopon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.3#cu chila cuq ri omuch qaholab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.4#na qui pa quibano ixqaholab?
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.5#xa che maui cacayaco chitele
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.6#ba xchinteleh apa copon vi na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.7#qui pa vchac chi iqux, xa v va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.8#palil ca cabal vꜩ bala chacut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.9#ta xuhuruh cut xuteleba cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.10#acanoc, chuchi qui cabal omuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.11#qaholab xata vi catqohe cuq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.12#at qahol qo pa achuch acahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.13#mahabi xqha cut cacachaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.14#mah tana bala chuvec chuva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.15#baxic chic hun cache racan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.16#ca cabal vꜩ xqha chicut ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.17#tecut xcam quinaoh riomuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.18#qaholab areri. ala hupacha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.19#chicaban chire chicacamizah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.20#tah rumal maui vꜩ ri cubano
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.21#xa vtuquel mi xuyac ri che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.22#cacoto hun nima hul chiri ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.23#cut chicaꜩac vi cahoc pahul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.24#hacama caha vleu pa hul coh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.25#qhata chire chi are ta cut pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.26#chal p cahoc pa hul ta catarih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.27#cahoc ri nima che chiritacut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.28#chicam vi pa hul, xeqha cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.29# omuch qaholab, ta xquicot cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.30#hun nima hul naht xcahic ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.31#xquitac cut ri zipacna, oh ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.32#nih chavech chibeta a coto chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.33#vleuh maui cacaxico, xucha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.34#ic. vꜩbala xqhacut catecut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.35#xcah pa hul caziquin vloc ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.36#cototahoc ri vleu nahta chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.37#cahic avmal xuqhaxic ve
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.38#xqha cut ta xutiquiba vco
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.39#tic hul xacu vhul xucoto
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.40#vcolbal rib, xretamah ri v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.41#camizaxic ta xucot cut hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.42#vi chihul chu ꜩalanem vca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.43#hul, xucoto xcolotah vi caha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.44#nican pala xuqhax cu cah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.45#oc cumal omuch qaholab.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.46#quinanucoto ve xquixnuzi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f08s2.47#quih acanoc ta chuꜩinoc, v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.1#cototahic xcha vloc zipacna
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.2#chiri pahul, macu are cucot
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.3#vxehul ri vmoquiquil xa vhul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.4#cucoto colbal rib cate cut ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.5#xziquin vloc ri zipacna colon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.6#chuca chiri pa hul ta xziquin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.7#vloc, quixpetoc chul icama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.8#vleu rachac hul mi xcoto
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.9#tahic. qui ꜩih nah mi xcah v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.10#vmal. mapa qui ta nu ziqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.11#bal lo, are curi iziquibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.12#xa vbi caxohanic. queheri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.13#hun elebal caib elebal ixqo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.14#vi canutao xqha vla ri zipac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.15#na, pa vhul chiri cut ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.16#ꜩal chivi vloc caziquiiah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.17#chivla pahul. are cut cahu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.18#ruxvloc ri qui nima che ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.19#mal qaholab cate puch xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.20#tarih cahoc ri che pahul ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.21#qo ma qhauic chicata na ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.22#churacuh vchi ta camoc xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.23#cha chi quibil quib. xaque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.24#hazlahic xa pu chi maꜩalah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.25#quivach chi qui huhunal, ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.26#xquitarih cahoc ri che are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.27#cu xqha cut ta xuracuh v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.28#chi xahupah chic xziquinic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.29#ta xcah apanoc ri che oca mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.30#xuꜩinic qui vꜩ mi xcabano chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.31#re mi xcamic atalabe chita
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.32#quen chubano chuchacuh ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.33#chuxoc vnabe la xucoh vla
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.34#rib cuq chicaxol puch laoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.35#omuch qaholab. xeqha cut que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.36#quicot chic qo ri vbanic caqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.37#oxih  e ecouic oxih puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.38#chicucah lacabebal cacabal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.39#laoh omuch chi qaholab xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.40#qha chuuec cut chiquilo ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.41#bih puch chiquilo mapa chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.42#pe zanic pu vleu ta chuin oc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.43#ta queyoc cate cut cul chica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.44#qux ta cucah ri ca qui xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.45#qha cut. cuta cu vloc ri zi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.46#pacna chiri pa hul, ta xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s1.47#bih qaholab ri ca chucabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.1#puch, ta xtubuquih zanic quebi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.2#nouic, quebuchuvic ta xeculun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.3#xeche humah qui cayeloon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.4#iz, qui cayeloon puch rixcac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.5#zipacna ta xquil curi qaholab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.6#mi pa xuꜩin ri qaxtoq chivila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.7#na zanic mixeculun vloc mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.8#xetubuquih vloc humah iz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.9#qui caien qo rixcac ri chila na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.10#mi xcabano ca xeqha chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.11#bil quib are curi zipacna xaui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.12#xa pu cuqux vloc rixcac chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.13#cuya vla chiquech ri zanic que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.14#he curi xcamic xquinao omu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.15#ch qaholab cate cut xticar q
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.16#ui qui chiroxih ta xecabar
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.17#puch conohel qaholab ecu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.18#cabarinac chic conohel omu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.19#ch qaholab mahabi caquina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.20#chic cate puch xulix ri ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.21#bal pa quivi rumal ri zi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.22#pacna xequiz chayatahic co
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.23#nohel mahabi chic hun caib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.24#xcolotah chiquech ri omuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.25#chiqaholab xecamizaxic ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.26#mal zipacna vqahol ri vv
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.27#cub caquix. quehe cut qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.28#camic omuch qaholab ri xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.29#chicut are ri xeoc chichu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.30#milal ri moꜩ vbi cumal, ve
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.31#cut xa zacbal ꜩih lo are chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.32#cut chicabÿh vchacatahic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.33#chic zipacna rumal ri e caib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.34#qaholab hun ahpu, xbalan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.35#que.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.36#Are chic vchacatahic, v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.37#camic zipacna, ta xchac chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.38#cumal ri e caib qaholab hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.39#ahpu, xbalanque, are chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.40#v yoe qui qux caholab ri omu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.41#ch chi qaholab xecamic ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.42#mal zipacna xa car, xa tap
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.43#chuꜩucuh chi tac a, xere
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.44#chirechaah hu ta quih pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.45#quih chivacatic ta chuꜩu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f09s2.46#cuh recha. chacab cut chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.1#recah huyub cate cut vhal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.2#vachixic hun nima tap cumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.3#hun ahpu xbalanque are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.4#cut xquicoh ri v vach ec. ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.5#mac ec qo patac quechelah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.6#are v xul tap xuxic pa hac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.7#chicut v coc eab xquicoho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.8#zelabah curi v va rachac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.9#tap rihouohic cate cut ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.10#xquicoh vcoc chuxe pec, chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.11#xe nima huyub; meauan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.12#vbi huyub xchacatah vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.13#cate cut ta xeperi qaholab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.14#xquicu ri zipacna chiya, a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.15#pa catbe vi at qahol xcha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.16#x curi zipacna? mahabi qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.17#n be vi, xa vecha canuꜩucuh,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.18#ix qaholab qha curi zipac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.19#na. naquipa au echa? xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.20#car, xa tap, xma qo chivi ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.21#nu rico cabihir chincanah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.22#rechaxic, maui canuchih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.23#chic vaih xqha zipacna
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.24#chiquech hun ahpu xbalan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.25#que huna relatap qo vla
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.26#xe zivan quiꜩih chi ni ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.27#tap caquihtala cha vecha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.28#ah lo. xa cohvtio mi xrah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.29#cachapo cacaxibih quib ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.30#mal machibeon cachapa xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.31#qhari hun ahpu xbalanque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.32#qui tocaba nu vach quibe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.33#ta ivaba ixqaholab xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.34#ri zipacna, maba chicah,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.35#xata catbec ma zachibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.36#tah xarecan ha catbec at
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.37#cu taꜫal apon oc xenima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.38#huyub houol vla chuxe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.39#zivan, xa catel apanoc xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.40#qha hun ahpu xbalanque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.41#laquiba tocob nuvach ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.42#ba xuculu ixqaholab quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.43#be na cu nu vaba, qo qui xo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.44#vi ri q,iquin chibetah iv vbah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.45#vetaam qo vi xqha chicut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.46#zipacna. xelahic xoc na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s1.47#chiquivach qaholab lama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.1#quicu xchachaplo taxaque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.2#he xcohꜩalih avvmal ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.3#xa maui xcatiho xa huzuc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.4#chitionic ri oh hupulic coh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.5#oc vbic cate cut cuxibih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.6#rib ri oh pacalic cohoc vbic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.7#xa cu zcaquin chic maui chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.8#carico cate cu vꜩ at pacalic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.9#catoc vbic xuchaxcut. vꜩ ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.10#la xqha curi zipacna ta xbe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.11#cut achbilan chicut ri zipac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.12#na xbec xeopon chuxe zivan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.13#zalam cula ri tap cacvaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.14#voh vla rih, xe zivan ri cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.15#te qui cumaꜩih vꜩ bala_
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.16#chi quicot curi zipacna car
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.17#ahtah xcoc ta pu chi rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.18#quiꜩih cuꜩin chivaih xrah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.19#cutih ri xaxrah hupunic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.20#xrah oquic pacal curi tap xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.21#canic cate cut xel chu vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.22#maui xarico xuqhax cut ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.23#habi xa pacalic cacanic xana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.24#be zcaquin chic maui mi xnu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.25#rico. cate vꜩ lo qui paqueic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.26#quinoc vbic xqha chi cut ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.27#te cut pacal chic ta xoc vbic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.28#xquiz cu oc vbic xa v vi vchec
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.29#chic xcutun vloc xquiz bi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.30#quitahic; xlilob cu cahoc ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.31#ma huiub chi vqux maui xzo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.32#lcopih chic abah cut xuxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.33#ri zipacna quehe vchacata
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.34#hic chic zipacna cumal qa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.35#holab hun ahpu xbalanque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.36#ri banol huyub xqha v ꜩiho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.37#xic oher v nabe qahol vvc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.38#ub caquix chuxe huyub me
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.39#auan vbi xchacatahvi xa na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.40#ual xchacatah vi. vcab nima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.41#rizai rib. hun chi cut xchica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.42#bÿh vbixic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.43#Rox chicut nimarizai rib v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.44#cab v qahol vvcub caquix cab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.45#rracan vbi in yohol huiub xqha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.46#xaui cu xere hun ahpu xbalan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f10s2.47#que xchacou re cabrracan, xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.1#rihuracan, chipi caculha, raxa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.2#caculha, ta xqhauic chiquech ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.3#hun ahpu xbalanque v cab v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.4#qahol vvcub caquix hunchic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.5#hunchic chichacatahic, xavi nu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.6#ꜩih rumal mavi vꜩ quibanoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.7#chuvach vleuh, caquicouizah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.8#quih chi nimal chi alal macu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.9#quehe chuxic chibochÿh vbic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.10#chila relebal quih xqha cut rihu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.11#rracan chique ri e caib qaholab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.12#vꜩ bala lal ahau quevi nacut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.13#maui vꜩ vi caquilo, mapa lal qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.14#lic lal pu yacalic lal vqux cah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.15#xeqha cut ri qaholab taxqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.16#culuba vꜩih huracan. are puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.17#catahin ri cabrracan iohol hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.18#yub xa zcaquin chutinih racan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.19#chuvach vleuh huzu chi bulih ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.20#ma huiub, chuti huyub rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.21#ta xculutah cumal ri qaholab.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.22#apa cat be vi at qahol xeqha chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.23#rech ri cabracan mahabi quin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.24#be vi, xa in vlÿ huyub, in puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.25#yohol rech chibe quih chi bezac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.26#xqhacut ta xqhauic. xqha chi cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.27#ri cabrracan chique ri hun ahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.28#xbalanque hupacha xpetic ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.29#ui vetaam vvach, naquipa ibi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.30#xqha cabrracan mahabi cabi xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.31#oh vbom, xapu oh ꜩarabom pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.32#tac huyub, xa oh meba mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.33#naquila quech at qahol, xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.34#chuti huyub, xanima huyub coh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.35#bec at qahol are curi hun ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.36#ma huyub xquilo xa coquil ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.37#quÿc quiꜩih naht cacanic xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.38#cacupupic quicouic chuvi hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.39#yub ronohel macuhabi hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.40#caib q,iquin mi xcacam chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.41#vach at qahol ve cut quiꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.42#cauulih ronohel huiub at qa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.43#hol xeqha ri hun ahpu xbalan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.44#que chire cabrracan. maqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.45#ꜩih xivilo ri huiub quibÿh a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.46#pa qovi xchivilna xchin vvlih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s1.47#cahoc apa xivil vi. chila ba qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.1#vi chi relebal quih xeqha cut hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.2#ahpu xbalanque. vꜩ chi cama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.3#cabe xe vqhax curi e caib chiqa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.4#holab mahabi xa cachape ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.5#cah chicaxol catqohe vi hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.6#chamox, hun chaviquicab chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.7#que rumal qo ca vvb. ve qo q,i
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.8#quin chicavvbah xeqha cut. que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.9#quicot chiquitihtobela quivvba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.10#nic are curi ta quevvbanic ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.11#na vleuh tah vbac qui vvb, xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.12#chicuxlabih ri q,iquin ta chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.13#vvbah chumaihah curi cabracan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.14#ta xquibac cu qui cac ri qaholab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.15#xquibol cut qui q,iquin chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.16#cac hun cut q,iquin xquicul zah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.17#cab chirih zaqui vleu xquicoho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.18#are cut chicaya chire ta hiconoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.19#ta chuꜩica puch ruxlab ca q,i
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.20#quin ta chacahoc are curi vleuh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.21#xchoc chirih q,iquin cumal pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.22#leu chicaꜩac vi quehe cut pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.23#leu. chimuc vi, ve nima etama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.24#nel hun ꜩac, hun bit ta chauax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.25#oc, ta zaquiroc xeqha ri qaho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.26#lab rumal xax chirain vi vqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.27#lal ri chitÿc chichacuxic que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.28#he xchuraih vqux ri cabracan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.29#xeqha chiquibil quib hun ahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.30#xbalanque. ta xquibol ri q,iquin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.31#xchacah cut ean vbolic, chiyipo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.32#uic chi cab chiyanic quih ri q,i
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.33#quin chicoinic, zimizoh ruxlab.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.34#are curi cabrracan curraih chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.35#rechaxic xa cauahin v vaalopu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.36#chi xa cabiquilahic, cacurulah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.37#puch vchub vcaxah rumal vzim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.38#zohil q,iquin ta xuꜩonoh cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.39#naquipa ri iuecha quiꜩih cuz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.40#ruxlab canunao chiya ta zcaquin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.41#vech xcha cut ta xya cut hun q,i
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.42#quin chire cabracan, vchacata
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.43#hic curi cate cut xuquiz ri q,iquin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.44#ta xbe chicut xeopon cu chila re
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.45#lebal quih qo vi ri nima huyub are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.46#curi cabracan xa tubul chic racan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f11s2.47#vcab, mabi chicouin chic rumal ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.1#vleu xcul chirih q,iquin xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.2#tio macu habi chic naquila xub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.3#banchic chire huyub maui xuꜩi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.4#nic, xuvlihtah. ta xim cut cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.5#mal qaholab chirih xim vi v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.6#cab xrilih vcab cumal qaholab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.7#xim cut vcul racan vcabichal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.8#cate cut xquitarih cahoc puleu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.9#xquimucu quehe cut vchaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.10#tahic cabracan ri xavi xere
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.11#hun ahpu xbalanque. maui ahi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.12#lan qui banoh varal chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.13#vleuh. are chicut xchica bÿh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.14#chic calaxic hun ahpu xbalan_
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.15#que. are nabe mi xcabih ri qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.16#chacatahic vvcub caquix, ruc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.17#zipacna, ruq cabracan, varal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.18#chuvach vleuh.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.19#Are chicut xchicabÿh chic v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.20#bi qui cahau ri hun ahpu xbalan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.21#que xcacamuh chuvi xapu xca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.22#camuh vbixic vꜩihoxic puch qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.23#qaholaxic ri hun ahpu xbalanq’
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.24#xa nicah xchicabÿh, xa chacab v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.25#bixic quicahau.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.26#Vae cute vꜩihoxic. are qui bi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.27#ri hunhunahpu, que vqhaxic are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.28#cut qui cahau ri xpiyacoc xmu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.29#cane chiquecumal chiacabal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.30#xealaxic ri hunhunahpu, vvcub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.31#hun ahpu cumal xpiyacoc, xmu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.32#cane are curi hunhunahpu e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.33#caib xeralcualah, e pu caib v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.34#qahol, hun baꜩ vbi nabe al, hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.35#choven chicut vbi vcab al are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.36#cut vbi qui chuch va xbaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.37#yalo chuqhaxic rixoquil hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.38#hunahpu. Are curi vvcub hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.39#ahpu mahabi rixoquil xavla
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.40#quel, xapu vcab xa qahol vqo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.41#heic enimaC ahnaoh, nim puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.42#quetamabal enic vachinel, varal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.43#chuvach vleuh xavꜩ quiqoheic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.44#qui yaquieic puch xquicutu naui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.45#quil chiquivach ri hun baꜩ, hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.46#chouen, hunhunahpu, cah çu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s1.47#eahbix, e a pu hꜩibenai pu ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.1#cot, eahxit, e ah puvac xevxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.2#ri hun baꜩ, hun choven, are curi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.3#hunhunahpu, vcub hunahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.4#xazac, xachaah chiquibano hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.5#ta quih, xa e cacab chiquiculela
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.6#ah quib e cahib chi conohel ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.7#quecuchmaihic pa hom chul cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.8#ri, voc ilol que vzamahel hura
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.9#can chi chipi caculha, raxa cacul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.10#ha. are curi voc maui nah varal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.11#chuvach vleuh maui nah chixi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.12#balba chire libah chi chopon chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.13#chicah ruq huracan xeyaluh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.14#varal chuvach vleuh, xcaminac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.15#ca cut qui chuch ri hun baꜩ hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.16#chouen. are cut vbeel xibalba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.17#xechaah vi ta xquita cut hun ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.18#me, vvcub came rahaual xibalba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.19#naquipa ri caban chuvach vleuh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.20#xa quenicnotic, xa pu quehuminic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.21#quebe ta tacoc varal tah queul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.22#chaah vi quecachac ta cut xa ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.23#habi canimaxic cumal, mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.24#quinim, mapuhabi qui xob cuxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.25#xax quehiquic vloc paca vi xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.26#qha cut conoh xibalba. ta xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.27#cam qui naoh conohel ri qui bi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.28#hun came, vvcub came, enimac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.29#catol ꜩih. are curi ahauab ro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.30#nohel yaol vpatan rahauarem
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.31#puch huhunchi ahauab rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.32#hun came, vvcub came. are curi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.33#xiquiripat, cuchumaquic vbi aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.34#u, are cut quipatan riquic chuya
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.35#bihvinac. are chicuri ahal puh,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.36#ahal eana chic, qui ahauab are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.37#cut cahauarem ri chizipohic vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.38#nac chipe puh chirih racan chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.39#peeana chirih v vach chueanel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.40#chuqhaxic cate cut rahauarem
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.41#ahal puh, ahal eana vi. are curi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.42#ahau, chamia bac, chamia holom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.43#rahchami xibalba xa bac, qui cha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.44#mÿ are cut cahchamÿal ri chiba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.45#quir vinac. qui ꜩih chi bac chi ho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.46#lom chic ta chicamic, zÿah bac xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f12s2.47#pan chicamouic, are vpatan vi cha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.1#mÿa bac chamÿaholom quibi. are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.2#chicuri ahau ahalmez, ahaltocob
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.3#qui bi are qui patan ri xa chiculva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.4#chih vinac v ve ꜩamez, ve pe pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.5#chirih ha chuva ha chiculvachix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.6#vi xa chiquitocota chibe hupuloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.7#chuvach vleuh ta chicamic are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.8#cut cahauarem ahalmez ahal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.9#tocob que vqhaxic. are chicuri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.10#ahau xic patan quibi are cahaua
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.11#rem ri vinac chicam pa be xa rax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.12#camic chuqhaxic chipe quic pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.13#chi ta chicamic chuxauah quic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.14#xa huhun chi patan qui telela
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.15#on xa chiquicozih v culel vqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.16#vinac ta chicam pabe. xa chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.17#culmah aponoc ve chibinic chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.18#cul are cut cahauarem xic pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.19#tan ri. are cut xquicuc quina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.20#oh ri ta xeꜩaixic ta xecotobax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.21#puch hun hunahpu, vvcub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.22#hun ahpu. are xquiraih xibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.23#ba, ri queꜩabal hun hunahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.24#vvcub hun ahpu ri qui ꜩuum
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.25#qui bate, qui pach cab, qui iach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.26#vach, vach zot puch. quicauu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.27#bal hun hunahpu vucub hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.28#ahpu. are chicut xchicabÿh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.29#chic qui bÿc chi xibalba xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.30#canah cu canoc ri hun baꜩ cho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.31#uen vqahol hun hunahpu. xca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.32#minac oc qui chuch cachui chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.33#qui chacatahic chic hun baꜩ hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.34#chouen cumal hun ahpu xba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.35#lanque.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.36#Cate cut qui petic zamahel ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.37#mal hun came, vvcub came quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.38#bec ixrah popachih he i taca ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.39#hun hunahpu, vvcub hun ahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.40#quixqha ta quixopon cuq quepe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.41#toc queqha ahauab chivech va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.42#ral tah queul chaaha vi cuq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.43#chicacaztah ta cavach cuq qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.44#ꜩih cacamaihah qui chi quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.45#ta cut quepe vi queqha aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.46#uab chiquicam cu vloc ri qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s1.47#choconizan, qui bate, qui pa ch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.1#cab chipe naipuch riqui quiqque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.2#qha ahauab, quixqha ta quixopon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.3#oc xevqhaxic ri zamahel are cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.4#qui zamahel ri tucur, chabi tucur,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.5#huracan tucur, caquix tucur, ho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.6#lom tucur quevqhaxic vzama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.7#hel xibalba are ri qhabi tucur que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.8#heri qhab. xa copquic, are curi hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.9#racan tucur xa hun racan qo v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.10#xic. are curi caquix tucur ꜫaꜫ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.11#rih qo v xic, are chi naipuch ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.12#holom tucur xa vtuquel vholom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.13#mahabi racan xa v xic qolic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.14#e cahib ri zamahel rahpop achi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.15#hab quecalem ta xepe cut chila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.16#chi xibalba libah chi xevlic e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.17#cu tacal chuvi hom quechaah cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.18#hun hunahpu vvcub hun ahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.19#pahom ri nim xob carchah chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.20#qhaxic e cu tacatoh ri tucur chuvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.21#hom ta xquizac cut quiꜩih xavi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.22#xere vcholic vꜩih hun came, v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.23#vcub came ahal puh, ahal cana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.24#chamia bac, chamia holom, xi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.25#quiripat, cuchumaquic, ahal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.26#mez, ahal tocob, xic patan qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.27#bi conohel ahauab xꜩac qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.28#ꜩih cumal tucur. maquiꜩih ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.29#qha ahau hun came, vvcub ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.30#me? quiꜩih bala queqha ohna
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.31#cu achbilai ive. chicam vloc ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.32#ronohel queꜩabal queqha aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.33#uab, vꜩ bala cohiuoiobeh na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.34#ohna capixabah canna ca chuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.35#xeqha cut xebe cut chicochoch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.36#xeqha cut chire qui chuch xca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.37#minac oc qui cahau hona ixca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.38#chuch xa et culic mi xul v zama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.39#hel ahau camol que, quepetoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.40#caqha cut queqha tacol que x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.41#chicanah cu cana va ca quic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.42#xeqha cut cate xbe quixima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.43#canoc puvi ha qohul na cate
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.44#chica choconizah chic xa quixꜩu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.45#an oc, xa pu quixbixan oc, quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.46#siban oc, quixcoton oc, chi mecoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f13s2.47#cochoch chimecoh puch vqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.1#ivatit. xevqhax cut hun baꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.2#hun choven ta xepixabaxic quz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.3#quz cut choc qui chuch ri xmu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.4#cane. hona mahabi cohcamic mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.5#xbizonic xeqha ta xebec hun hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.6#nahpu, vvcub hun ahpu.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.7#Cate puch ta xebec hun hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.8#ahpu, vvcub hun ahpu xcamqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.9#be cumal ri zamahel, ta xecah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.10#cut pu beal xibalba, xuluxuh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.11#vchi cumuc, xecah cut ta xeel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.12#chicu aponoc chuchihal ha zi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.13#van ub nuzivan cul, cu ziuan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.14#vbi xeecovi xeeco chicut chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.15#pan halhal ha zimah, maui ahí
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.16#lan zimah xeicovi maui xeto
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.17#cotahic ta xeopon chicut chi a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.18#chiquiquia xeicou chiri maui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.19#xcucah xeopon chi a vtuquel pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.20#ch chi a maui xechacatahic xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.21#ui xeicou chic ta xeopon chicut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.22#pacahib xalcat be, cachiri cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.23#xechacatah vi pacahib xalcat
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.24#be hun ꜫaꜫabe, hun cut queca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.25#be, zaqui be hun, hun cut ꜫana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.26#be cahib be. are cut xqhau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.27#ri queca be in quinicamo in
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.28#vbe ahau xqhau ri be chiricut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.29#xeqhacatah vi are xquitaqueh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.30#ri be xibalba ta xeopon cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.31#pa qui popobal rahaual xibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.32#ba xechacatah chicut chiri. are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.33#nabe cubulel ri. xapoy xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.34#aham che cautalic cumal xi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.35#balba. are cut nabe xquiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.36#hila cala hun came, xeqha chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.37#re ri poy, cala vvcub came xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.38#qha chic chire ri aham che ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.39#cu xeqhacovic. catecut xehu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.40#muhub rahaual xibalba chi ꜩe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.41#xa quehumin chic chiꜩe conohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.42#ahauab rumal xechacomahic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.43#chiqui qux xquichac ri hunhu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.44#nahpu, vvcub hun ahpu xeꜩeen
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.45#na. cate cut xeqhau chic hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.46#came, vvcub came vꜩbala mi x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s1.47#ixulic chuvec chicaza v vach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.1#ibate, ipachcab xevqhax cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.2#quixcu vloc chi catem xev
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.3#qhaxic vtuquel cu catanalah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.4#abah qui tem xyaic xecat chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.5#cut chui tem, quiꜩihvi xepiz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.6#calih chic chuvi tem maui xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.7#yacamaric quiꜩihvi xevale
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.8#hic xcat qui culibal. cate cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.9#xeꜩeen chic xibalba, xepichi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.10#charic chiꜩe xvinaquiriheic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.11#vcumaꜩ ꜩe chiquiqux chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.12#qui quib. chiquibaquib chiꜩe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.13#conohel rahaual xibalba. xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.14#hix chiha, ve chibe yaoc ichah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.15#izic chi varabal xevqhaxcut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.16#cate cut xeoponic pa quecuma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.17#ha vtuquel queeum vpam chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.18#hata xquicam cut qui naoh xi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.19#balba, xa quecapuzu chuec xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.20#labe huzu huzu quecamic ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.21#mal ri queꜩabal ri ca chahibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.22#queqha cu ri xibalba chiquibil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.23#quib. are curi quichah xacolo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.24#quic cha zaquitoc vbi ri chah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.25#v chah xibalba xa hucul qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.26#chaah xahuzuc chiyohyox bac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.27#chicou vi ri qui chaah xibalba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.28#xeoc cut ri hunhunahpu, vv
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.29#cub hun ahpu chupan ri que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.30#eumaha ta xbe cu yaoc quichah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.31#xa hun chi chah zihom chic xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.32#ruq hun came vvcub came ruq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.33#huhun qui zic xaui ꜩihon chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.34#xel cuq ahauab ta xbe cu yaoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.35#cuq ri hunhunahpu, vvcub hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.36#ahpu, echocochoh chi vloc pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.37#queeum ta xopon ri yaol quichah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.38#ruq qui zic cahulhut ri chah xoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.39#aponoc ri quichah e quiꜩiha ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.40#huhun qui zic he chul quiya
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.41#chizaquiric maui chiquizic xaui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.42#xere v vach chulquimoloba que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.43#qha ahauab chive xevqhaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.44#xechacatah cut. xquiquiz ri chah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.45#xquiquiz curi zic xbe yao chique
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.46#ꜩaꜩ curi vtihobal xibalba quia
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f14s2.47#molah chi tihobal arevnabe ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.1#queeuma ha vtuquel queeum
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.2#vpam, vcab chi cut xuxulim ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.3#vbi ꜩaꜩ chi teu vpam zac xuru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.4#xuh, zac caracoh chi xurulah teu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.5#choc vloc chupam, rox chi cut ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.6#lami ha vbi vtuquel balam qo chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.7#pan quequichouic, quebuchuuic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.8#chi matat quechiquitit queeꜩa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.9#pim balam pa ha. ꜩoꜩi ha vbi v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.10#cah v tihobal vtuquel ꜩoꜩ vpam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.11#chiha queꜩiꜩotic, queꜩitilahic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.12#queropop pa ha e ꜩapin ꜩoꜩ ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.13#habi queel vi. roo chi cut chaim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.14#ha vbi vtuquel chaqol chupam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.15#zacleloh re chicha chiꜩininic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.16#chiyohohic chiri pa ha. qui na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.17#bec vtihobal xibalba macu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.18#xeoc ri hun hunahpu, vvcub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.19#hunahpu xa chupam, xavbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.20#xic aponoc vbi tihobal ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.21#ta xeoc cu apanoc hunhunah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.22#pu, vvcub hun ahpu chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.23#hun came vvcub came apa qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.24#vi ri nu zic, aon qovi ri nu chah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.25#xbeyaoc chivech xquec xvqhax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.26#cut. xcaquizo at ahau. vꜩ bala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.27#va camic bala xquiz i quih quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.28#camic xquizachic, xquicacup
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.29#puch, varal xchivevah vi ivach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.30#quixpuzic xqhahun came vvcub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.31#came. ta xepuz cut xemuc cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.32#chi pucbal chah vbi xemuc vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.33#xcat vholom ri hun hunahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.34#xa vnimal xmuquic ruq ri v chac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.35#chiya ri vholom xolche ri tiquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.36#pa be xqha cut hun came vvcu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.37#bcame. ta xbe cuyaoc vholom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.38#xol che. ta xvachin curi che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.39#mahabi v vach, maha choco ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.40#vholom ri hun hunahpu chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.41#xol che. are curizima cohcha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.42#chire va camic vholom hun hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.43#nahpu chuqhaxic. taxumaihah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.44#cut hun came, vvcub came v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.45#vach riche. humah colocac v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.46#vach. macu calah qo chivi ri v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s1.47#holom hunhunahpu xahunam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.1#chic vvach ruq vvach zima carilo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.2#ronohel xibalba ta chul qui caiih.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.3#nim vqoheic riche xux chiqui qux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.4#rumal huzu xubanic ta xoc vholom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.5#hun hunahpu chuxol xeqha curi xi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.6#balba chiquibil quib maco machu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.7#puvic ri vvach maco naipu maoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.8#apanoc chuxe che xeqha xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.9#catah quib, xquiquil quib xibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.10#ba conohel. macu calah chiri v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.11#holom hun hunahpu xa hunama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.12#tal chic ruc vvach che ri zima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.13#vbi xuxic, nim cut vꜩihoxic xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.14#ta hun capoh. va cute xchicabÿh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.15#roponic.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.16#Va chi cute vꜩihoxic hun capoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.17#vmeal hun ahau cuchumaquic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.18#vbi.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.19#Are cut ta xuta hun capoh vme
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.20#al hun ahau cuchumaquic vbi v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.21#cahau xquic cut vbi ri capoh ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.22#xuta cut vꜩihoxic ri vvach che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.23#ta chiꜩihox chic rumal vcahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.24#chumaihah cut ta chiꜩihoxic ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.25#qui naoh vila ri che cabixic qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.26#ꜩih quz vvach cacha canutao x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.27#qha cut cate xbec xa vtuquel xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.28#pon cut chuxe che tiquil chipuc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.29#bal chah tiquil vi hiiaa. naqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.30#pe vvach vae che maqui pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.31#quz chivachin vache. maquicam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.32#tah maquizach tah laquita xchin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.33#chup hunoc xqha curi capoh ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.34#xqhau cut ri bac qo vla xol che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.35#naquipa caraih chire ri xa bac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.36#ri colocoxinac chucab tac che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.37#xqha ri vholom hun ahpu ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.38#xqhavic chire ri capoh maca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.39#raih xuqha xic? canuraih xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.40#cut ri capoh uꜩbala chaliquiba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.41#vloc ri auiquicab vilana xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.42#ri bac ve xqha cu capoh xuliqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.43#ba acanoc vviquicab chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.44#bac cate cut chipiꜩ caban v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.45#chub bac ta xpetic tacal cut pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.46#cab capoh ta xril cut v pu cab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f15s2.47#huzuc xunicoh macuhabi vchub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.1#bac pucab xaretal mi xnuya cha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.2#ue ri nu chub nu caxah. are ri nu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.3#holom mahabi cachocon chivi xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.4#bac mahabi chi v chac. xavi que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.5#he vholom ve qui nimahaU xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.6#vtiohil vꜩ vi vvach. are cut ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.7#chicamic chuxibih chirib vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.8#rumal vbaquil. quehe cut xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.9#vqahol quehe ri vchub vcaxah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.10#vqoheic ve vqahol ahau ve puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.11#vqahol naol, ahuchan xma chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.12#zach vi chibec chiꜩacatahic ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.13#vi chupel mapu maixel vvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.14#ahau achih naol, ahvqhan xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.15#xichicanahic vmial vqahol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.16#ta chuxoc. quehe mi xnuban
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.17#chave. catacan cut chila chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.18#vach vleu mavi cacamic catoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.19#paꜩih ta chuxoc xqhari vho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.20#lom hun hunahpu vvcub hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.21#ahpu. xavi qui naoh taxquiba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.22#no are vꜩih huracan chipica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.23#culha, raxa caculha chiquech.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.24#quehe cu vꜩalihic chic capoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.25#chi rochoch quia pixab xbÿx
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.26#chirech. huzu cu xvinaquir ral
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.27#chupam rumal ri xachub. are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.28#cut quivinaquiric hun ahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.29#xbalanque ta xopon cut chi ro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.30#choch ri capoh xzacat cut va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.31#caquib ic ta xnauachil rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.32#vcahau ri cuchumaquic vbi v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.33#cahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.34#Cate puch vnatahic capoh ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.35#mal vcahau ta xil ri ral cochic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.36#ta xquicuch cut qui naoh cono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.37#hel ahauab hun came vvcub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.38#came ruc ri cuchumaquic are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.39#ri numeal qochi ral ixahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.40#xa vhoxbal xqha curi cuchuma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.41#quic ta xoponic cuq ahauab vꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.42#bala chacoto vchi ri tama cubÿh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.43#chipuz cut chinaht chibe puzu vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.44#vꜩbala alac ahauab xqha cut. ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.45#te cut xuꜩonoh chirech vmeal a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.46#pa ahchoce ri aval co chapam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s1.47#at nu meal? xqha cut mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.1#val lalnu cahau, mahabi achih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.2#vetaam vvach xqhacut uꜩ bala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.3#quiꜩih vi chi at hoxol chec chipu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.4#zu ix rahpop achih chicama vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.5#ri vqux chupan zel chiquicololeh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.6#ahauab vacamic xevqhax cuta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.7#ri tucur, e cahib ta xebec quiti
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.8#quem ri zel ta xebec quichelem
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.9#ri capoh cucaam ri zaquitoc puz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.10#bal re. maui chuꜩinic quinicami
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.11#zah ix zamahel rumal maui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.12#nu hoxbal ri qo chinupam xaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.13#xvinaquiric xere xbenumaihah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.14#ri vholom hun hunahpu qochi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.15#pucbal chah quequeta cut maui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.16#qui puz ix zamahel xqhari capoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.17#a xqhauic. naquipa xchicacoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.18#v quexel ri iqux mi xbÿx vloc ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.19#mal acahau chicam vloc ri vqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.20#xchiquiꜩololeh ahauab, xchiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.21#ꜩaquixtah xhi quihunam va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.22#chih v ꜩaquic chanim chicama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.23#vloc pazel chicoloba cahoc vqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.24#chupan zel mapa mi xohvqhax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.25#vloc naquila cut xchicaya pazel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.26#cacahtanabec mata catcamic xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.27#qha curi zamahel. vꜩ bala ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.28#ui quech ri qux ta chuxoc ruq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.29#maui varal ivochoch chuxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.30#macu xachichih vinac chicamic ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.31#te qui ꜩih ivech ri qui ꜩih hoxol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.32#cate naipu rech hun came, vvcub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.33#came, xa quic, xa holomax rech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.34#ta chuxoc are chicut chuvach.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.35#maui are ri qux chicat chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.36#ta chuxoc. chicoho ri vvach che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.37#qhacut ri capoh ƐaƐ cut v vaal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.38#ri che xelic xcul pazel cate puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.39#xuvon rib coloquic xuxic vque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.40#xel vqux ta iiꜩ chicul vvaal.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.41#cac che queheri quic v vaal che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.42#xelic vquexel v quiquel taxu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.43#colo chila ri quic chupan ri v va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.44#al ƐaƐche quehe curi quic rih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.45#xuxic ƐaƐ luhluh chic colom chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.46#pazel ta xcop cut ri che rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f16s2.47#capoh. chuh ƐaƐche chuqhaxic.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.1#are curi quic xubinaah rumal quic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.2#holomax chuchaxic. chila cut quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.3#locox vi chuvach vleu qo ivech chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.4#xic xqha cut chique ri tucur vꜩba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.5#la at capoh. xcabeba cauaba a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.6#canoc xa cabin apanoc oh nacaya
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.7#ixtah v va vquexevachaqux chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.8#quivach ahauab xeqha cut ri za
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.9#mahel. ta xopon cut chiquivach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.10#ahauab quezeleuachin conohel.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.11#maui xuꜩinic xqha cut hun came.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.12#mi xuꜩinic ixahauab vana cu vqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.13#e qo pazel. uꜩbala vila cut xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.14#curi hun came ta xuchuieh cu a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.15#can oc eaturur rih chicomah ꜫaꜫ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.16#luhluh rih chiquic vꜩ chiluu v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.17#vach ꜫaꜫ chiya chuvi ꜫaꜫ xqha cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.18#hun came. cate puch xquichaquih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.19#chuvi ꜫaꜫ coc cut xquina xibalba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.20#xequiz yacatah vloc conohel xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.21#chique chuvi quiꜩih chi quz xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.22#nao ri vzibel quic are cut e chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.23#choh vi canoc ta xebe ri tucur e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.24#uabai rech capoh xuquia acanoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.25#chihul chau vbi vleuh xzalih chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.26#cu cah oc ri vabanel. quehe cut xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.27#chacatah vi rahaual xibalba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.28#ri rumal capoh xemoyvachixic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.29#conohel.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.30#Are cut e qo ri vchuch hun baꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.31#hun choven ta xul ri ixoc xquic v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.32#bi. ta xul cut ri ixoc xquic ruq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.33#ri vchuch hun baꜩ hun choven
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.34#xqoloc ral chupam. xa zcaquin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.35#chic maui queyaqueic ri hun ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.36#pu xbalanque quibi. ta xul curi ixoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.37#chire ri atit xqha curi ixoc chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.38#ri atit. mi xinulic lal chichu in
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.39#alibla in puch alcual la lal chichu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.40#xqha ta xoc vloc ruq ri atit. apa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.41#catpe vi vloc qo chi pa ri val ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.42#pa xecamic chi xibalba. e cu caib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.43#canoc quetal qui ꜩihel puch hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.44#baꜩ hun chouen quibi ve avila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.45#catpe vi catel vbic xuqha x ri ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.46#poh rumal atit. xere la quiꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s1.47#vi chi in alibla xqo nare inqovi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.1#rech hun hunahpu va vcaam eqaz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.2#lic maui e caminac ri hun hunahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.3#vvcub hunahpu xa vcatbal rib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.4#zac mi xquibano lal valib quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.5#cut ivila ta chiloc vvach ri vca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.6#am xuqhaxic ri atit. are cut que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.7#caca rihun baꜩ hun chouen xa zu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.8#xa bix caquibano, xa zibanic, xa pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.9#cotonic qui chaquih chi hu ta quih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.10#are cut cubul vi vqux ri atit xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.11#chicut atit xma cauahvi at ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.12#valib xa ahoxbal ri qo chapam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.13#at qaxtoq xecam i val cabÿh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.14#xqha chicut ri atit quiꜩih ibare
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.15#va canubÿh vꜩbala at valib ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.16#nutao vhat bala hacama quecha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.17#vi chiquivaeh hahacha hun chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.18#nima cat chipetic at na cu valib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.19#canutao xuqhax cut ri capoh. vꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.20#bala xqha cut cate puch ta xbec
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.21#pa abix qo v cabix ri hun baꜩ hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.22#chouen hocam vbeel cumal xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.23#taqueh cut capoh xopon puch chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.24#ri pa abix. xacu huvi ri abix xma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.25#qo chivi vcavi roxvi xuvachela
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.26#am vi uvach chihuvi ta xquiz cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.27#vqux ri capoh quila in macol, in
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.28#qazbol apa xchincam vi ri hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.29#cat echa cabixic xcha cut cate
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.30#puch vziquixic chaha echa ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.31#mal ta tul valoc ta tul tacaloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.32#xtoh, xcanil, xcacauix pu ꜩiya at
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.33#chahal re queqha hun baꜩ hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.34#chouen xqhari capoh. ta xucam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.35#cut ri zamÿ vzamÿal v vi hal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.36#xuboc acanoc maui xuhach ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.37#hal chicau cut ri hal echa pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.38# cat xca xinic ri nima cat ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.39#xpe cut ri capoh. xa cu chicop
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.40#xecan ri cat ta xpetic xbe qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.41#ya vcoc xucut ha queheri re
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.42#can xoponic xril ri atit cate pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.43#ch, ta xril ri atit ri echa hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.44#chinima cat apa mi xpevi ri e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.45#cha auvmal mi xealcalaba vi ve
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.46#mi xquiz acam vloc ricabix chibe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f17s2.47#na vila xqha ri atit taxbe puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.1#xberilari a bix xavixere qovi ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.2#huvi abix xavi cuxere calah vco
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.3#libal cat chuxe. anim chicut xpe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.4#ri atit xul chicut chi rochoch xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.5#chicut chire ri capoh xerevi re
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.6#tal ri quiꜩih vi chiat valib chivil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.7#china abanoh ri eqorivi enavinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.8#chic xuqhax cut capoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.9#Are chic xchicaꜩihoh calaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.10#hun ahpu xbalanque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.11#Are cut calaxic vae xchicabÿh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.12#ta xuric vquih calaxic taxalan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.13#puch ri capoh xquic vbi. macu xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.14#vachih atit ta xealaxic libah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.15#chi xeyaqueic e caib chicalaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.16#hun ahpu xbalanque quibi pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.17#huiub xeyaquevi taxeoc cut pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.18#ha macu quevaric he aꜩaca vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.19#quiꜩih chach quichi xqha ri atit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.20#cate cut ta xeya pa zanic quz cu qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.21#varam chiri xeel chicu chiri xeya
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.22#chic chuvi quix are ta cut xcah hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.23#baꜩ hun choven xecam ta chiripa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.24#zanic, xecam ta pu chuvi quix xcah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.25#rumal quichaquimal, qui ꜫaꜫ va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.26#chibal puch cumal hun baꜩ hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.27#chouen maui xe culax paha cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.28#mal quichac nabec xamaui que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.29#taam xavi cu pahuiub xequÿ vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.30#e cu nimac ahzu ahbix rihun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.31#baꜩ hun chouen. xenimaquir cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.32#nima caxcol rail. xeicou vi xecax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.33#cobizaxic enimac etamanel chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.34#xeuxic. xavixere e ahzu e ahbix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.35#e pu ahzibab, ahcot xevxic rono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.36#hel chuꜩin cumal. xa xquetaam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.37#vi xealaxic xa xenauinac epu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.38#uquexel qui cahau ri xebe chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.39#xibalba caminac vi qui cahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.40#e cu nimac etamanel ri hun baꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.41#hun chouen chi qui qux ronohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.42#nabec quetaam ta xevinaquir
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.43#ri qui chac, macu xel apanoc qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.44#nauiquil rumal qui ꜫaꜫ vachibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.45#xa chiquih xcah vi v yoc qui qux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.46#maui banoh xepoizaxic cumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s1.47#rihun ahpu xbalanque a xacu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.1#vvbanic chiquibano huta quih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.2#maui queloꜫoxic rumal ri catit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.3#hun baꜩ hun choven. maui chiia
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.4#quiva xbaninac vaim xepu va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.5#inac ri hun baꜩ hun choven ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.6#quevvlic, macu quecacaric oio
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.7#uaric xa chiquicuyu xere que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.8#taam ri qui qoheic queheri zac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.9#caquilo cucaam cut qui q'iquin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.10#ta quevlic huta quih chiquiti cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.11#ri hun baꜩ hun choven mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.12#naquila chiia chiquech quicabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.13#chal ri hun ahpu xbalanque xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.14#cu zu, xapu bix chiquibano hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.15#baꜩ hun chouen. ta xevl chi puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.16#ri hun ahau xbalanque mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.17#chic qui q'iquin cucaam xeoc vl
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.18#oc xcacar curi atit naquipa ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.19#mal mahabi chi ziquin ivcaam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.20#xevqhax cut ri hun ah pu xbalan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.21#que. are vi ixcatit xa mi xetana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.22#tob ca q'iquin chuvi che xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.23#cut macu habi chacan chui che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.24#chiquech ixcatit chicah ta pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.25#ri caꜩ quebe ta cuq chibe ta qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.26#cazah vloc ri q'iquin xeqha cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.27#vꜩbala cohbe iuvq zaquiric xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.28#qha curi caꜩ taxe chacouic. xca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.29#minac cut quinaoh quicabichal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.30#chirech qui chaquic hun baꜩhun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.31#chouen, xa caꜩolcomih qui qoheic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.32#e upam, caꜩih ta chuxoc rumal ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.33#ma caxcol mi xquiban chique xoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.34#camtah, xohzachtah puch xcah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.35#rioh quichac queheri ala xohpe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.36#vi vloc chiquiqux. quehe cut que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.37#cachac vi xa retal chicabano xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.38#qhachiquibil quib. ta xebecut chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.39#la chuxe che cante vbi cachbilan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.40#curi caꜩ ta xebec xquitiquiba chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.41#cut vvbanic maui ahilan chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.42#q'iquin chuvi che quechititic xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.43#maihan cut ri caꜩ ta xquil ri q'i
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.44#quin. are curi q'iquin mahabi hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.45#oc xcah vloc chuxe che, ri ca ꜩi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.46#quin e maui quecah vloc. xahix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f18s2.47#cazah vloc xeqha cut chire caꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.1#vꜩbala xeqha cut. cate puch xeaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.2#nic chui che xnimar cut riche xzi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.3#poh vpam cate cut xerah cah vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.4#macu vꜩ chic qui cahic vloc chuvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.5#che hun baꜩ hun choven xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.6#cu vloc chuvi che: hupacha cohv
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.7#chanic ixcachac tocob cavach a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.8#reri che caxibin chic caquilo ix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.9#ca chac xecha vloc chuvi che xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.10#qha curi hun ahpu xbalanque chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.11#quira ivex chixima xe ipam na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.12#htic vꜩam chihurehe chivih ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.13#te cut vꜩ ibinic xevqhax chic cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.14#mal quichac. vve xecha cut ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.15#xquihuruba cut vꜩam qui toc xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.16#pu huzu qui he chi xuxic xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.17#coy xquivachibeh chic cate cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.18#xebe chui tac che chuti huyub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.19#nima huyub xebec patac quiche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.20#lah, quevohon chi  quizilah chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.21#chucab tac che quehe cut quicha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.22#catahic hun baꜩ hun chouen,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.23#cumal hun ahpu xbalanque. xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.24#rumal qui naual ta xquibano, ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.25#xeopon cut chicochoch xeqha cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.26#xeoponic ruq catit ruq pu qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.27#chuch ixcatit naquila mixqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.28#culvachih ri caꜩ xa rax qui vach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.29#mi xebec queheri e chicop chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.30#xeqha cut vena quila mixiban
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.31#chique ivaꜩ mi xinicalaba mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.32#pu xinichiquiba, mata quehe xi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.33#ban chique ivaꜩ ixvi xqhari
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.34#atit chiquech hun ahpu xba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.35#lanque. xeqha chi cut chire ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.36#tit mi xbizonic ixcatit xchivil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.37#chic qui vach ri caꜩ xquevlic xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.38#re chicut vtihovic va chive ix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.39#catit la qui mi xꜩeenic catihana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.40#qui quih xeqha cut cate puch x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.41#quitiquiba zuanic, hun ahpu x coy
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.42#xquizuah.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.43#Catepuch xebixanic xezuanic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.44#xe cohomanic ta vcamic riqui zu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.45#qui cohom ta xcube puch ri catit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.46#cu q ta xezuanic xeziquix pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s1.47#zu pa bix ta xubinaah ri hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.1#ahpu coy vbi zu ta xeoc cu vloc ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.2#hun baꜩ hun chouen quexahouic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.3#ta xevlic cate puch ta xmucun ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.4#atit iꜩel qui vach xril atit ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.5#xꜩeenic maui xucui vꜩe atit.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.6#xacu huzu xebec maui xil chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.7#quivach eiacatic xebe pa que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.8#chelah naquipa chibano ixca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.9#tit xa cah mul xchicatiho xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.10#oxmul chic xquecaziquih pazu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.11#pa bix quichicuyu iꜩe catiha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.12#china xeqhachic hun ahpu xba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.13#lanque cate xezuan chic, ta xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.14#oc chi vloc quexahou chic xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.15#vl chic chi vnicahal vva ha xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.16#ui ququz caquibano xavi ca qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.17#tac chiih ricatit chi ꜩe libah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.18#chi xꜩeen chiri catit quiꜩih ꜩe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.19#ebal qui vach ri coy chixiriric
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.20#xe qui pam chichilita xe puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.21#vchi qui qux taxeoc vloc are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.22#cut qui chuꜩeeh atit cate xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.23#bechic patac huiub. naquipa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.24#qui chicabano ixcatit xere chiva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.25#roxmulchic xchicatiho xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.26#ri hun ahpu xbalanque. xezuan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.27#chic xevl chic quexahouic. xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.28#cu chucuiuca vꜩe ri catit xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.29#acan cu vloc chucatanah ꜩac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.30#caeruxruh vchi tac quivach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.31#muꜩumac qui chi chiquimal qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.32#chi qui vach maca ma chiquiho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.33#quih chique ta xril chi cut ri atit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.34#cate xpocolih chi vꜩe ri catit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.35#machicu xil chiquivach rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.36#vꜩebal atit xerevi cua ixca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.37#tit xquecapixabah vbic chu a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.38#h mul cut xezuax chic macu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.39#xevl chic chucah mul huzu xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.40#bec pa quechelah xeqha cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.41#chire catit mi cu xcatiho ixca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.42#tit mi nabe xevlic mi pu xcatih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.43#chic qui ziquixic, mi xbizon cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.44#oh qolic oh ivÿ xachilocoh ri ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.45#chuch ixcatit quenabax ri caꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.46#ta chuxoc mi xeqobic mi pu xebi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f19s2.47#nahic hun baꜩ hun chouen
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.1#quevqhaxic xeqha ri hun ahpu xba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.2#lanque xeziquix cut rumal ri ahzu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.3#ahbix, ri oher vinac are puch chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.4#zi quih ri ahzib ahcot oher xechi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.5#copiric ecoy xevxic rumal xax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.6#quinimarizah quib xquiyoc ri qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.7#chac quehevi calabil chiqui qux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.8#quehecut qui maixic ri ta xezachic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.9#ri hun baꜩhun choven. e chicop xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.10#vxic are cut erama quelal coccho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.11#ch chic xavi xere e ahzu e ahbix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.12#nim chic xquibano ta xecoheic rug
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.13#ratit rug pu quichuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.14#Ta x quitiquiba chicut quibanoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.15#qui cutbal quib chuvach catit chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.16#vachpu qui chuch nabe xquibano
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.17#ri abix. xa cohabixic ixcatit ix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.18#pu cachuch xeqha mi xbizonic oh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.19#qolic oh ivÿ oh qui quexel caꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.20#xeqha curi hun ahpu xbalanque.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.21#ta xquicam cut quicah qui mixqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.22#na qui xoquem xebec ruq huhun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.23#qui vvb xquiteleh xeel chi co cho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.24#ch ta xquipixab cu catit chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.25#vyaic qui va chiticoh na quih chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.26#beya cava ixcatit xeqha vꜩba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.27#la ixvÿ xqha cut ri catit. cate cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.28#xeopon chiri que abix vi xa qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.29#xquichiquiba ri mi xquina puvleu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.30#xacu quichitahin ri mi xquina pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.31#vleu macu qui chitahin ri mi xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.32#na chutuquel. are curi icah xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.33#vi chiquichiquiba chutoloc che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.34#xaui chucab rib che chibec chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.35#lahahic chibec ronohel che, ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.36#ꜫaꜫ chacachoh chic chicatohche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.37#chuban ri xahuna icah are curi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.38#mi xquina ꜩaꜩ chicupuh maui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.39#ahilan tum quixic cuban rixa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.40#hun chi mi xquina maui ahilan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.41#cupuh xa chuti huyub nima hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.42#yub cabec ta xquipixabah cut hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.43#chicop xmucur vbi xquituyuba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.44#acanoc chuvi nima cutam xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.45#cut hun ahpu xbalanque xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.46#chavil ri catit chipetic iaol ca va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s1.47#huzu catoquic tapetoc catecut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.1#chicachap ri mixquina ruq icah vꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.2#bala xqha curi xmucur. are cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.3#xa vvbanic chiquibano mana qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.4#ꜩih abixic ta chiquibano cate pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.5#ch choc ri xmucur anim cut que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.6#petic hun chichapo mi xquina, hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.7#cut chichapou ri icah chiquipiz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.8#la qui vi xaloc chubacala vleu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.9#pu cab ri hun xaquehe chuꜩiloh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.10#vvach queheri quiꜩih abixom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.11#are curi hun chic xaloc chu pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.12#quih vvebalche puholom que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.13#he uiri quiꜩih catohcheenel ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.14#xil rumal catit catecut queva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.15#ic maquiꜩih abixic chiquibano
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.16#xaloc chibe yaoc qui va taxebe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.17#cut chicochoch quiꜩih mixohco
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.18#ꜩic ixcatit queqha queoponic xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.19#loc chiqui qui quih, chiquiiuc puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.20#cacan, qui eab chuvach catit taxe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.21#be chicut chu ca quih xeopon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.22#cut pa cabix quiz iacatahinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.23#chic ronohel che caam vchapom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.24#chi rib rono hel tun quixic taxe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.25#oponic. apa chinac cohmichouic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.26#xeqha cut are cut quebanou ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.27#ronohel chuti chicop nima chicop
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.28#coh balam, queh, vmul, iac, vtiu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.29#ae, ziz chuti q'iquin, nima q'iquin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.30#are xebanouic xahun acab xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.31#bano cate chicut xquitiquiba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.32#chic abixic. xaui xuban chirib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.33#vleuh ruq catoh che ta xcam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.34#chicu quinaoh chiri pacatohche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.35#pa cupuh puch xa cavarah rica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.36#bix anavi china cabano vlo la
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.37#qui ta chicarico xeqha cut ta xcan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.38#quinaoh xeopon chicut chiha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.39#naquirilo cohmichouic ixcatit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.40#nima quim chic nima quechelah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.41#chi puch ri cabix ta xohopon mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.42#er ixcatit xeqha cut chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.43#catit chire pu qui chuch xcohbe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.44#cut xchicavarah rumal mavi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.45#vꜩ caban chique xeqha catecut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.46#xebaꜩonic. cate cut qui bic chic pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f20s2.47#quicatohche chiri cut xe maꜩehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.1#vi e mucumuxinacchic chiritaxe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.2#cuchu cu quib ronohel chicop xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.3#hun xquizep viquib ronohel chuti
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.4#chicop nima chicop are puch tiquilv
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.5#qux acab ta xepetic xechaviheic cono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.6#hel taxepetic are qui qhabalri iac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.7#lin che iaclincaam xeqha taxepe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.8#tic quenebebic xeche xecaam, ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.9#xeyopihic, ta xecutun cu chiquivach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.10#are cut vnabe ri coh balam xrah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.11#cu quichapo maui xuya rib taxyo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.12#pih chic queh vmul xacu chuhe xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.13#chap vi xacu xcupucub canahoc v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.14#he queh pa quicab ta xucam ri vhe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.15#queh rugvhe vmul ri xzcatac qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.16#he macu xquiya quib ri yac vtiu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.17#aꜫ ziz xeicouic conohel chicop chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.18#quivach rihun ahpuxbalanque chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.19#catat chicut qui qux rumal ri ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.20#habi xquichapo. xpe curi hun chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.21#vxambe chic caꜩoꜩotic taxpe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.22#tic cate cut xquicateh xquize
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.23#cut pacatricho cate puch xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.24#chapo, xquiyoteh puch chirih vvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.25#xrah quibio xquiporoh vhe chuvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.26#ꜫaꜫ ta xucam ri vhe cho, mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.27#rizmal uhe arenaipu vbac vva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.28#ch ta xrah bÿc cumal qaholab ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.29#hun ahpu xbalanque, mata quica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.30#mic ivvmal mavi are ipatan ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.31#abixic qo ive xqhari ri cho apa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.32#qovi que chabÿh na cut xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.33#curi qaholab chire cho la quin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.34#iꜩocopih tanabala qo nu ꜩih chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.35#nu pam cate cut chinbÿh chive
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.36#chiyatana zquin vecha xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.37#ri cho, ate chicayao avecha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.38#chabÿh na xuqhaxic vꜩbala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.39#are bari rech icahau ri hunhu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.40#nahpu vvcub hunahpu vbi ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.41#xecam chi xibalba qo cu canoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.42#ri queꜩabal xequel canoc chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.43#viha ri qui bate qui pachcab qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.44#quic puch, xa maui caeut chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.45#vach rumal ivatit rumalri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.46#are xcam vi icahau maquiꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s1.47#auetaam, xeqhacuri qaholab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.1#chire cho nim xquicot quiquxtav
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.2#xquitao vꜩihel quic taxubÿh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.3#cho ta xquiya cut recha cho are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.4#curi recha ri ixim zaquilic, qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.5#nac, pec, cacou, arecut avech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.6#ri uve naquila cuvvn chimezcu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.7#tahinac auech cut chacuxu. xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.8#qhax curicho cumal hun ahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.9#xbalanque. vꜩbala ixqaholab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.10#naquila cu quinvvchah vve
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.11#quirilri ivatit xghacut maui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.12#chiꜩac aqux oh qolic cohnohi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.13#nic goruqhaxic ricatit, xahu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.14#zu cacaya acanoc xiquin ha ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.15#cuho co apanoc huzu cat opon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.16#chiri xequel vi chiri cut caquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.17#vi putumha xapa cati caquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.18#vi xeqhacut chire cho, taxqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.19#pixabah hunacab xcam qui na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.20#oh ri hun ahpu xbalanque qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.21#cutiquil quih xeoponic.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.22#Macu calah richo cucaam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.23#taxeoponic hunriyacalic xoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.24#paha, huncu xoc xiquinha libah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.25#chi xuya acanoc richo ta xqui-
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.26#ꜩonoh cut quiva chire catit xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.27#chicutu cati cacaraihri cutum ic ix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.28#catit xeqha cut. cate cut xcut qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.29#ti hun lac vvaal xtiquibax chiquivach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.30#xavi quimichbal re catit quichuchpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.31#ch xquiꜩahizah cuha paquebalqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.32#ꜩih chaquih cachi chicama cu quia
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.33#xeqha chire catit ve xqha cut ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.34#xbec are cut queva canoc macu qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.35#ꜩih ta quenumic xaqui moyvachibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.36#xquibano ta xquil cut ri cho chupan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.37#cutum ic colon vloc richo chirih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.38#quic xequelvi puvi ha taxquilo pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.39#cutumic ta xquitac cut b un xan ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.40#chicop rixan queheri uz xopon chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.41#a. are cu xvoro vvach quebal a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.42#tit xa yacal ha chel chuvach vque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.43#bal chutiho xma chiꜩapitah vi v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.44#vach quebal. na quipa mi xuban ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.45#catit ohhizabah chiya cohvꜩin rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.46#chaquih chi xeqhachic chire qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f21s2.47#chuch ta xquitac vbic. catecut xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.1#cacat vlacho riquic xcah vla pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.2#tum ha ruc bate pachcab q'uum x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.3#quimahixtah cut cate xbe quevah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.4#pabe vbeel hom cate cut xebe chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.5#ruq catit chiya catahin curi catit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.6#qui chuch ꜩapi vvach quebal hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.7#hun catecut ta xeoponic huhun chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.8#cu chivvb ta xeoponic chiya,na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.9#quipa mixibano xamixcoz caqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.10#xohpetic xeqha. chivila na vvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.11#nuquebal maui caꜩapitahic xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.12#catit. libah chicut xquiꜩapihchic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.13#hunam cut xepe chic, enabe chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.14#vach catit quehe cut vcanaic quic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.15#ri.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.16#Quequicot chicut xebec echaa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.17#hel, pahom nahtcu xechaahic qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.18#tuquel xquimez rihom quicahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.19#ta xquita cu vloc rahaual xibalba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.20#apa china chiri mixutiquiba chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.21#eꜩanem pacavi mapu quequixbic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.22#quenicnot vl oc. mapu xecam ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.23#hun hunahpu vvcubhunahpu xr
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.24#ah quinimarizah quib chicavach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.25#heꜫu itacachic xeqha chic rihun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.26#came, vvcubcame conohel ahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.27#xetaca vloc xeqhacut chire qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.28#zamahel quixqha quixoponic que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.29#petoc queqha ahauab varal tah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.30#cohchaah vi cuq vvcubix coheꜩanic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.31#quecha ahauab quixqha quixopo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.32#nic xevqhax cut ri zamahel ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.33#xepecut nimahoc cuquibe riga
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.34#holab chicochoch ca tocol chico
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.35#choch xacuyacal ri zamahel xo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.36#pon ruq catit arecut quechahic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.37#taxul canoc vzamahel xibalba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.38#quiꜩih quepetic quecha riahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.39#xeqha cut ri vzamahel xibalba ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.40#xchoye cu canoc quiquih cumal ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.41#vzamahel xibalba vvcubix que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.42#ꜩelavachixic xuqhax canoc xmu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.43#cane vꜩbala. xquebe tac oc ixza
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.44#mahel xqhari atit, xebe curi za
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.45#mahel xezalihic ta xquiz cut v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.46#gux ri atit naqui xchiuvchah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s1.47#qui taquic ri vÿ, mavi quiꜩih ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.1#xibalba xaquehe rulic zamahel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.2#oher taxebe camoc ri quicahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.3#xqhari catit quz choc paha vtuquel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.4#cate cut xcah vlo hun ug chuca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.5#yac cate cu xuchap acanoc ta xuya
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.6#cut pu cab chimalmatib curi ug
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.7#xbinic at vÿ chauahtah canutaco
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.8#quebeta ataca ri vÿ pahom xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.9#chaxrivq ta xbec taconel mixul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.10#zamahel ruqivatit caqha catopo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.11#nic vvcubix cut queoponic ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.12#cha vzamahel xibalba caqha iv
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.13#atit caqha xuqhax ri uq ta xbec
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.14#chimalmat cut xbec, cubul curi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.15#qahol pabe tamazul vbi ri xpec
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.16#apa catbe vi qha curi xpec chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.17#uq qoba nu ꜩih chinupam quinbe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.18#cuq qaholab xqha ri uq chire tama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.19#zul vꜩbala maba catanaic cavilo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.20#xuqhax cu uq rumal xpec macha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.21#uah canubico chauilana pe quin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.22#anic va xcohopon chanim. vꜩba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.23#la xqha ri vq chirech xpec cate
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.24#cut ta xrictaxic rumal xpec chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.25#becnah curi xpec ta xbec chi ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.26#ui caanic, catecut taxucul chicut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.27#hunnima cumaꜩ zaquicaz ubi a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.28#pa catbe vi at tamazul qahol xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.29#qhax chic ri xpec rumal zaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.30#caz? inzamahel qonuꜩih chinu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.31#pam xqha chicut xpec chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.32#cumaꜩ maba catanic cavilo in
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.33#taon xquinopon chanim xqha cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.34#cumaꜩ chire xpec. catoho xuqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.35#xic catecu xbic chic rixpec rum
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.36#al zaquicaz, ta xucam ri recha cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.37#maꜩ quebico u xpec vacamic. chan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.38#curi cumaꜩ ta xbec xculutah chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.39#vicut ricumaꜩ rumal vac ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.40#ma ꜩiquin xbic chivi ri cumaꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.41#rumal vac cate pu xopon ri chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.42#vi hom ta xucam recha ri xic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.43#quetiou cumaꜩ patachuyub.ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.44#xopon puch rivac xqhacachob chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.45#vi v zuꜩil hom quequicot curi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.46#hun ahpu xbalanque quechaahic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f22s2.47#taxopon cut ri vac taxoc curi vac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.1#vac co, vac co xqha roquibal vac co
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.2#naquipa ri choquic petaca vvb xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.3#qha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.4#Catepuch xquivvbah ri vac qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.5#cutacal vbaca vvb chu baca vvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.6#chizetet cut xcah vloc quiꜩih vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.7#cut xbe qui chapa cate xquiꜩo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.8#noh hupa apetic xeqha chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.9#vac qoba nuꜩih chinupam chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.10#cunah tana vbacanu vach nabe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.11#cate cut xchinbÿh xqhari vac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.12#vꜩ bala xeqhacut cate xquelezah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.13#zcaquin rih quic ri chaah xquicoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.14#chiv vach ri vac loꜩ quic xubi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.15#naah cumal libah chicut xca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.16#choh cumal vꜩ chic vmucubal ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.17#vac xuxic, chabÿh cut xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.18#chire vac cate cut xuxavah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.19#nima cumaꜩ, caqhauoc xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.20#chic chire cumaꜩ ve xqha chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.21#cut ta xuxauah chi xpec naqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.22#pa ata qui quil caꜩihonoc xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.23#chax chicuri xpec qobanuꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.24#chinupam xqha chicuri xpec
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.25#catecut xutih xabic mahabixu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.26#xauah xe que he chucax h vchi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.27#chutiho xmaqo vi chuxauah ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.28#tecut xrah chaii'c cumal qaho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.29#lab at qaxtoq xuqhaxic ta xiic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.30#v varachac chiacan, xcahcu ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.31#quil v varachac chi acan xutih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.32#chicut xa que he chuchu b vchi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.33#cate puch xquirech vchi ri xp
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.34#ec xrech cumal qaholab xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.35#zucuh pu chi xa cu nacal ri uq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.36#chuvare xpec xapuchi qo vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.37#mana xubico xaquehe xabic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.38#quehe cut xchacatah vi rixpec
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.39#maui calah vvach recha xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.41#yao ruq maui qhanic xa v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.42#chac cumaꜩ xuxic. caꜩihonoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.43#xuqhax chicut ri uq ta xubÿh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.44#cu vꜩih caqha ri ivatit ixqa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.45#holab he ataca xultacolque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.46#cape chi xibalba vzamahel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.47#hun came, vvcubcame vvcu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s1.48#bix quevlic varal cohchaah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.1#vi chipe ri que ꜩabal quic bate
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.2#pachcab, q,uum are chicaztahv
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.3#vach varal que qha ahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.4#xul quiꜩih cacha ri ivatit ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.5#xipetic qui ꜩih caqha ri ivatit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.6#coquic caziquinic ivatit xipetic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.7#maquiꜩih xeqha cut qaholab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.8#chiquiqux ta xquitao huzu xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.9#petic xeopon cut ruq catit xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.10#e pixabai chire catit xebec.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.11#ho na ixcatit xaohpixabay
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.12#ive vae cute retal caꜩih xchicacanah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.13#huhun xchicatic chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.14#va ah chunicahal cochoch xchi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.15#catic vi are retal ca camic ve
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.16#chichaquihic mipa xecamic quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.17#qha ta chichaquihic ve cut ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.18#chipe vtux epa cazlic quixqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.19#cut ixcatit ix pu ca chuch mixo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.20#quic qo retal caꜩih cacanahic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.21#ivvq xeqha. ta xebec hun xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.22#tic hun nahpu, hun chicu xti
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.23#cou que xa paha xutic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.24#vi mana pa huyub tah manaipu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.25#para x vleu tah xa pa chaquih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.26#vleu chunicahal vpa cochoch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.27#xquitic vi canoc. ta xebe cut hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.28#hun chi vvb chi que xecah chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.29#libah chi xecah chua
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.30#cumuc xeicou. chivicut chupan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.31#hal ha zivan xachu xol q'iquin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.32#xeicou vi are ri q'iquin molai
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.33#quibi xeicou chicut pa puhia
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.34#pa quiquia chacbal ta que chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.35#qui qux maui xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.36#yicou xa chirihvvb xeicou vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.37#xeel chicu apanoc pa cahib xal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.38#cat be xa x que taam vi cut qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.39#be que ca be zaqui be, ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.40#ca be, raxa be chiri cut xquitac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.41#vi hun chicop xan vbi are ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.42#mol quita xquitac vbic huhu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.43#nalque atio nabe chati ri na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.44#be cubulel chaꜩaconizah qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.45#tic conohel xa vech vi cut cha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.46#ꜩubahvi vqui que l vinac pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f23s2.47#be xuqhaxic ri xan vꜩbala.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.1#qha curi xan ta xoc pa que ca be ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.2#cal cu chirih ri poy ahamche na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.3#be culel e cautalic nabe cut xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.4#tio maui xqhavic xuti chicu. ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.5#xuti chi vcab culel machivi x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.6#qhavic. xuti chicu rox cachirox
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.7#culel qovi huncame aqui, xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.8#cut hun ta xtiic naqui ahi xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.9#hun came naqui hun came naquila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.10#mi xitiouic xahina quichila mixi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.11#tiouic xqha chic vcah culel. naqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.12#vvcub came naquila mi xitiouic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.13#xqha chi roo culel. ahi ahi xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.14#na xiquiripat, xqha vvcub came
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.15#chire naquila mi xitiouic xcha chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.16#xtiic vvacac culel ahi, na qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.17#cuchumaquic xqha xiquiripat chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.18#re naquila mi xitiouic xqha chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.19#ta xti vvc culel ahi xqha chic. na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.20#qui ahal puh xqha cuchumaquic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.21#chire naquila mi xitiouic xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.22#chic ta xti chic v vahxac culel ahi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.23#xqha chic. naqui ahalcana xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.24#chi ahalpuh chire, naquila mixi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.25#tiouic qha chic ta xti chic vbeleh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.26#culel ahi. xqha naqui chamiabaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.27#xcha ahalcana chire naquila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.28#mi xitiouic xcha chic ta xti chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.29#lahuh cubulel ahi naqui qha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.30#mia holom xqha chamia baca na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.26#culel ahi. xqha naqui chamiabaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.27#xcha ahalcana chire naquila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.28#mi xitiouic xcha chic ta xti chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.29#lahuh cubulel ahi naqui qha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.30#mia holom xqha chamia baca na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.31#quila mi xitiouic xqha chic ta xti
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.32#chic vhulah culel ahi xqha chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.33#naqui qha chic chamiaholom chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.34#re na quila mi xitiouic xqha chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.35#ta xti chic vcablahuh culel a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.36#hi xqha qhic naqui patan xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.37#chic chire naquila mixitiouic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.38#xqha chic ta xti chic roxlahuh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.39#culel ahi naqui, quic xic qha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.40#patan chirech naquila mi xitio
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.41#vic xqha chic ta xti chic vcah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.42#lahuh culel ahi naquila mixitiovic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.43#xqha chic quic ri xcac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.44#xqha quic re chirech que he
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.45#cut vbixic quibi ri xquibÿh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.46#conohel chiquibil quib xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s1.47#cut vvach xquibÿh qui bi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.1#huhun chiholoman vbixic cumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.2#are chibÿn vbi hun ri cubul chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.3#xucut mahabi hunoc xquizach v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.4#bi quiz quibÿh quibi conohel ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.5#xeti rumal rizmal vach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.6#vchecxumich vbic mana qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.7#ꜩih xan ri xetiovic xbetao quibi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.8#conohel rumal xba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.9#lanque. cate cut ta xebec ta xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.10#opon puch chila e qovi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.11#chi quihila ahau xqhari cubulic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.12#xqha huntac chiinel maui are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.13#ahau ri xa poy ahamche ri xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.14#qha ta xeoponic cate cut ta xeca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.15#lainic calata hun came, calata
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.16#vvcub came, calata xiquiritap
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.17#calata cuchumaquic. calata a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.18#hal puh, calata ahalcana, cala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.19#ta chamia baca, calata chamia
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.20#holom, calata cala xic, cala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.21#ta patan, calata quic re, calata
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.22#vquic xic rixcac. xeqha taxeopo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.23#nic ronohel xquiz cut vvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.24#xquibÿh vbi ronohel mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.25#hun xquizach vbi are ta xaha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.26#uax chi que ch mata xcanai vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.27#cumal quixcu vloc xevqhax cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.28#xerah oc chuvi tem macu xcah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.29#maui are catem ri xa chohim a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.30#bah ri tem  xeqhaxba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.31#lan que mavi xechacatahic vꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.32#vbala. xabahix paha xevchaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.33#cate cut ta xeoc pa que eumaha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.34#maui xechacatahic chiri are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.35#nabe vtihobal ri xeoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.36#vi que chi cu vticaric quichaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.37#tahic ta chic chiquiqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.38#nabe xeoc pa que eumaha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.39#cate cut ta xbeyaoc quichah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.40#catilovic ta xoponic ruq huhun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.41#qui zic rumal vzamahel hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.42#came, vae quichahe cacha aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.43#u chul quiya chic ri chah zaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.44#ric ruq ri zic chul qui moloba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.45#cacha ahau xqha zamahel ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.46#xoponic vꜩbala xeqha cut ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f24s2.47#cu xquiꜩih richah xa ꜫaꜫahv
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.1#que xvach xoquic, are vhe caquix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.2#que heri chah xquilo varanel. are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.3#chicuri zic xa ꜫaꜫa chicop xquicoho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.4#chuvi zic hunacab chiyocouic cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.5#mal mi xecachaco xeqha varanel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.6#macuhabi xquiz ri chah xavi xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.7#re vvach are curi zic mahabi na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.8#quila xquiꜩih chire; xavi xer e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.9#vvach xbeyaoc cuq ahauab na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.10#quipa que vxic apa xepevi achi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.11#nac xeqaholanic xealanic qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.12#ꜩih cacatat caqux rumal ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.13#vꜩ caquibano chi que, halan qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.14#vach halan naipu qui qoheic xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.15#qha chiquibil quib. ta xetacon cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.16#conohel ahauab oho chahoc ix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.17#qaholab xevqhaxic ta xeꜩonox
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.18#cut rumal hun came, vvcub came
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.19#apa quix ixpevi chibÿh tah ixqa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.20#holab xqha cut mavi que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.21#tuam xa xeqha chi que alaba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.22#xohpe vilo maui que taam xaxe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.23#qha maui xquibÿ vꜩbala xaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.24#be cacachaah ixqaholab xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.25#qha  chi que vꜩ xechare
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.26#ba chicacoh ri va ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.27#quic xeqha. matah areta chi coh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.38#va que xeqha qaholab. maha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.29#bi are chicacoh va que xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.30#chic. vꜩ bala xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.32#qaholab hebala xahuchil xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.32#qha , mabala xa holom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.33#coh qhachic xeqha qaholab ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.34#habi xeqha vꜩ bala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.35#xqha ta xzac cu vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.36#rumal quicutacal chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.37#vach vbate cate puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.38#ta xquil ri zaquitoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.39#ta xel chupan riquic chiꜩini
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.40#nic xbe he chua tac vleuh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.41#ri chaa. naquipala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.42#xqha ri que xa ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.43#mic quivah chi que ch mata
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.44#xohbe itaca, matapu xbeiza
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.45#mahel quiꜩih tocob ca vach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.46#xacohbec xeqha qaholab chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s1.47#que. are tacu xahauax chi que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.1#qaholab huzu ta xcam rihun chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.2#ri chiri chi cha xechacatah tah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.3#maui que he xa xecha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.4#catah chic cumal qaholab maba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.5#quixbec ixqaholab cohchah na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.6#xa are cacacoho ri ivech xvq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.7#hax cut qaholab vꜩbala xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.8#cut are cu xocri qui quic ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.9#xcah cuchaah. cate cut ta xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.10#choi quichacon; naqui pa chica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.11#chaco xeqha he na quicut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.12#xa xeqha qaholab xa cacha cacah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.13#cahzel coq,ih xeqha vꜩba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.14#la naquipa chi coq,ihal xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.15#qaholab chi que xïbalba huticab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.16#cacamuchih huticab zaqui muchit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.17#huticab cana muchit. huticab cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.18#ri nimac xeqha. vꜩbala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.19#xeqhacut qaholab ta xcah cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.20#qui cha ah hunam qui chucab ꜩaꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.21#pu qui cha ri qaholab, xacu qui ruꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.22#qui qux ta xquiya quib chicha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.23#catahic ri qaholab. que quicot
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.24#cut ri  ta xechacatahic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.25#vꜩ mi xcabano nabe mixecacha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.26#co xeqha  apa xchibe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.27#qui camavi ri coq,ih xeqha chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.28#qui qux. qui ꜩih ta acab chiia
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.29#ri ca coq,ih cachacom puch xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.30#vqhax puch qaholab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.31#que rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.32#vꜩbala acaba chicut cohcha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.33#ahic xeqha cut ta xepixaban
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.34#quib cate chicut ta xeoc chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.35#qaholab pachaim ha vcabti
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.36#hobal are ta cut xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.37#hauaxchic xecatacoxtah ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.38#mal cha chanim tah chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.39#qux xecam tah chiquiqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.40#macu xecamic ta xeqha chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.41#re cha, ta xquipixabah are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.42#ive ri ronohel v tiohil chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.43#cop xeqha chire cha macu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.44#xezilab chic, xa hun cah chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.45#vi cha ronohel are cut e qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.46#chichiri pachaim ha chacab ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f25s2.47#xquiziquih ronoh el zanic. chai
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.1#zanic che que nzanic quixpetoc, quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.2#oho ivonohel ohicama ronohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.3#vvach coꜩih qui chacon ahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.4#vꜩbala xeqha cut ta xebe curi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.5#zanic conohel e camol coꜩih v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.6#ticon hun came, vvcub came mier
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.7#oc cut chiquipixabah chahal qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.8#coꜩih ri  laqui chivila ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.9#coꜩih miya chi elecaxic rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.10#ri mi xecachaco ri qaholab a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.11#navi xpevi rilo cachacon cu―
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.12#mal mahabi chivarah hun a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.13#cab vꜩbala xeqha cut macu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.14#xquina ri chahal ticon xaloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.15#chiquiracuh qui chi chucab tac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.16#che ticon puch que bechacala chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.17#ri xavi xere chiquiqhabeh ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.18#quibix xpurpuvec, xpurpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.19#uec qhari hun ta choquic pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.20#huyu, puhuyu chachic ta cho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.21#quic ri puhuyu vbi e caib chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.22#chahal ticon vticon hun came
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.23#vvcub came macu caquina ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.24#zanic elecai qui chahem cabolo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.25#vic catucuvic erai coꜩih ri cabe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.26#catova vloc coꜩih chuviche re ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.27#zicou cuq chuxeche ri coq,ih xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.28#que he chiquiracuh qui chi ri cha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.29#halib mana re caquinao ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.30#qux quihe ca qux quixic are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.31#caquirixic coq,ih cacacah vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.32#re cazicouic, re cabe catoua vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.33#libah chicut xnoh cahib zel co
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.34#q,ih tiquitoh chicut taxzaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.35#ric. cate cut ta xul zamahel ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.36#conel que petoc caqha ahau hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.37#zuc chiquicam vlari cachacon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.38#xevqhax cut qaholab. vꜩ bala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.39#xeqha cut qui ti que laon curi co
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.40#ꜩih cahib zel ta xebec ta xeo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.41#pon cu chiqui vach ahau aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.42#vab cu caam coꜩih quz v vach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.43#que he cut xechacatah vi xibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.44#ba, xa zanic xquitac ri qaho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.45#lab xahuna cabil xquichap
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.46#zanic ta quiya pazel.que he
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s1.47#cut xezac cahe riconohel xi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.1#balba zacbuc qui vach rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.2#ri coꜩih catecut xquitac ri cha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.3#hal coq,ih na qui pa rumal mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.4#xia ca coꜩih chi elecaxic are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.5#ca coq,ih vae cauilo xevqhr
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.6#axchahal maba xcanao at
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.7#ahau minare xcuyu cahe xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.8#qha cut cate puch xhix quichi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.9#quitohbal quichahin chicle
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.10#caxic que he cut quichacatahic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.11#hun came vvcub came cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.12#mal que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.13#v xe ribanoh ri. ta xquicam ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.14#qui chi herebaca quichi purpuec
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.15#herebaca vac amic cate chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.16#cut ta xcahchaah xaui xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.17#re hunam que chaahic x que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.18#leh chicu chaah ta xepixaban
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.19#chicu quib zacaric chic xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.20#vzbala xeqha qaho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.21#lab ta x que leh.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.22#Xeoc chicut pateuh ha ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.23#ui ahilan teu ꜩaꜩ chi zacbocom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.24#chupan ha rochoch teu huzu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.25#cu zꜩah teu rumal cuꜩ mama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.26#ina xzach ri teu cumal qaho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.27#lab maui xecamic xavi e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.28#qazlic ta xzaquiric areta cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.29#xcah chirita xecam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.30#vi maui que he xavi quꜩ qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.31#vach ta xzaquiric xe que l chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.32#vla tacol que xebe chic e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.33#chahal na quipala maui mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.34#xecamic xqha chi rahaual xi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.35#balba xquimaihah chic qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.36#banoh qaholab xba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.37#lan que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.38#Cate xeoc chicut pabala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.39#mi ha ꜩaꜩ chibalam balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.40#rochoch maui cohitio qo ivech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.41#chuxic xevqhaxic balam cate
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.42#cut xquipuquih baca chi quiva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.43#ch chicop cate cut que pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.44#caquic ch irichuvi baca micu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.45#xevꜩinic mi xutih qui qux ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.46#teviri mix xquia quib are qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f26s2.47#baquil ri caxuxic xeqha ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.1#varanel conohel qui quiqux chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.2#re macuxecamic xavi xere vꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.3#quivach xeel vloc pabalami ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.4#naquipa quichi e vinaquil apa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.5#qui xepe vi xeqha ri  co
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.6#nohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.7#Cate chic xeoc chupam ꜫaꜫ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.8#hun ha chiꜫaꜫ, xa vtu que l ꜫaꜫ v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.9#pam maui xecatic rumal, xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.10#bolol, xa ꜩimah vi xavi xere
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.11#vꜩ chi quivach ta xzaquiric a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.12#reta cahauaxic huzuc ta que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.13#camic chupan ri, que icou vi ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.14#ui que he xavi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.15#cazach quiqux rumal.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.16#Xecoh chic chupan zoꜩin ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.17#vtu que l zoꜩ chupam chiha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.18#hun ha chi camazoꜩ nimac chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.19#cop que heri cha quiꜩam quica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.20#mizabal huzu chuꜩinic chopon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.21#chi quivach. xeqohe cu chiri chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.22#pam xa pa vvb xevar vi ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.23#vi xetÿc rumal ri e qo pa ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.24#chiri cut xquiya vi quib hun vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.25#rumal hun chicama zoꜩ chica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.26#h xpevi carah cu mucum vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.27#chu ꜩam vvb xavi vcutbal rib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.28#ta xquibano rumal qo caqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.29#ꜩonoh vi quinaoh hun acab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.30#curi zoꜩ que buhuhic quiliꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.31#quiliꜩ que qha, que qha hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.32#acab. xtane curi zcaquin ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.33#habi chic que zilobic ri zoꜩ chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.34#ri cu chacal viri hun ꜩam v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.35#vb. xchacuri que hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.36#nahpu cahanic pa vzaquiric
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.37#cauilo cahanican labalo vila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.38#na xqha cut qui cu are carah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.39#mucum vloc chuchi vvb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.40#carah ril vloc vzaquiric ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.41#te puch ta xcupix vholom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.42#rumal cama zoꜩ cupul chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.43#canoc vnimal ri hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.44#chalic ma mixzaquiric xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.45#ri que mahabi chic chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.46#zilobic rihupacha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s1.47#maxaon mi xbec hunahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.1#hupacha mi xabano mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.2#chic chizilabic xaquichico
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.3#zoz chic cate cut xuquixbih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.4#que araroc mixcaya
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.5#yan xcha cut chila cut xbe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.6#colana vi vholom chuvi hom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.7#xavi vꜩih hun came vvcub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.8#came que quicot curi xibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.9#ba conohel rumal vholom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.10#cate cut ta xutac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.11#chicop ronohel ziz, ae. rono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.12#hel chuti chicop, nima chicop
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.13#chacab xavi xare racabal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.14#ta xuꜩonoh cut que cha na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.15#qui tac pa ivecha chi huhunal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.16#are quixnutac vi chicam vl
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.17#oc ri ivecha xqha cut xba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.18#lan que chi que vꜩbala xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.19#qha cut ta xebec e camol rech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.20#ta xevl he cut conohel qo xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.21#cumar rech xbevcama, qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.22#xa ꜩalic xbevcama, qo xa a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.23#bah xbevcama, qo xavleu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.24#xbe vcama halahoh que cha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.25#ri chicop, nimachicop quipu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.26#ca v xambe canahoc ri ꜩiz coc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.27#xbe vcama cubalcatih chuꜩam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.28#capetic are cut xoc halvac hi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.29#bal vholom hunahpu libahchi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.30#xcotox vbaca v vac ꜩaꜩ chi ahna
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.31#oh chicah xpevi arev quxcah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.32#huracan xulcoloc xuluculoc chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.33#ri pa zoꜩiha macuatan xuꜩi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.34#nic v vach vꜩ chic xuxic xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.35#uixare vchuuc hebel hi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.36#nic xavi xare xqhauic are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.37#cut ta chirah zaquiric chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.38#cactarin vxe cah caxaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.39#nachic ama xuchax ri vuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.40#ve xqhari mama ta chixa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.41#quinic cate ta chi que ea mar
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.42#chic cahmul xaquin ri mama.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.43#caxaquinvvch caqha vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.44#nac vac amic. xa cu cac raxu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.45#ꜩinic ta xutiquiba vqohic ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.46#vꜩ cha chux cut hunahpu he vꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f27s2.47#xqhacut xavi xare chvbaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.1#tila vholom quehe ri quiꜩih v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.2#holom xuxic. cate cut ta xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.3#ban quiꜩih xepixaban quib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.4#mana qui catchaahic xa quichaye
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.5#cuh auib xainhun quiquibanouic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.6#xqha xbalanque chire cate cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.7#taxupixabah hun vmul catqole
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.8#tachiri chuvihom chivi catqohe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.9#vi chupan pixc xuqhax vmul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.10#rumal xbalanque chopon na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.11#quic avq cate catelic ca inqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.12#banouic xuqhax ri vmul ta x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.13#pixabaxic chacab cate cut ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.14#xzaquiric xavi xare vꜩqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.15#vach qui cabichal.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.16#xcah chicu quichaah colan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.17#chicu vholom hun ahpu chuvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.18#hom. mi xcachacoyan, mixibano
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.19#quiyan mi xiyao xevqhaxic xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.20#vi cu xere chiziquin hun ahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.21#chacaca ri holom chi quic que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.22#vqhaxic macu chiqui ca caxou
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.23#chic chiyecoub quib. are cu xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.24#ꜩacou quic rahaual xibalba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.25#xucul cut xbalanque tacal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.26#curi quic chuvach bate chita
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.27#nenic ta xelic huzu cu xicou
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.28#quic chuvihom xahun xaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.29#nab vi tacal pa pix taxel cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.30#ri vmul chicoxcotic ta xbec
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.30#ocotal cut. ta xbe cumal ri xi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.31#balba quehuminic, que chani
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.32#nic xebe chirih ri vmul xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.33#quiz be conohel xibalba cate
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.34#cut xquicamix tah ri vho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.35#lom hun ahpu. xtiquixtah chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.36#vcoc xbalanque are chicut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.37#xbe quicuba ri coc chuvi hom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.38#quiꜩih holom chicu vholom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.39#ri hunahpu quequicot chicu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.40#qui cabichal. are cut quebe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.41#ꜩucuna quic rixibalba cate
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.42#cut xquicamixtah chiri quic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.43#pa pix, ta xeziquin chicut quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.44#petoc vae quic que mix cari
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.45#co. xeqha quicolem chicut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s1.46#ta xeul xibalba na qui pa ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.1#mi xquilo xeqhacut tax quiti
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.2#quiba chicut chaahic. hunam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.3#chaahic chicut xquiban chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.4#qui cabichal cate cut xcaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.5#tah ri coc rumal xbalanque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.6#chi pucabin ri coc xcah pa ho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.7#m zaquiram curi vzaquilal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.8#chiqui vach. na qui pa ri chibe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.9#icama apa qo vi ri camol re
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.10#xqha xibalba. quehe cut qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.11#chacatahic rahal xibalba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.12#rumal hun ahpu xbalanque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.13#nima caxcol xecohevi ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.14#ui are xecam vi ri ronohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.15#xban chique.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.16#AAre cut vae quinabal qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.17#camic hun ahpu xbalanque are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.18#va qui nabal qui camic xchica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.19#bÿh chic. ta xepixabah cut xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.20#bano ronohel caxcol rail xban
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.21#chique maui xecamic rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.22#vtihobal xibalba maui xecha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.23#catahic rumal ronohel tionel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.24#chicopo qo chi xibalba cate
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.25#cut ta xquitac chi caib nic vachi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.26#nel queheri e ilol are qui bi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.27#va xulupacam e etamanel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.28#v ve cohꜩonoxic chive cumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.29#rahaual xibalba rumal ri ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.30#camic quinaoh caquinuc ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.31#mal ri maui mi xohcamic, ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.32#pu mi xohchacatahic mixcaza
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.33#ch quitihobal, maxa chicopch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.34#oc chique, are cu retal va chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.35#caqux chohim abah camiza
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.36#bal que cumal mi xecuchu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.37#quib ronohel xibalba macu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.38#quiꜩih ta cohcamic. are cuina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.39#oh va xchicabÿh v ve quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.40#vl ꜩonobex xoc cumal chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.41#ch cacamic ta cohcatoc naqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.42#xchicuchah ix xulu, ix pacam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.43#v ve queqha chive ma vꜩ lo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.44#chicatix ta quibaquil pazi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.45#van v ve maba vꜩ xavi xere
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.46#chic chiqaztah quivach quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f28s2.47#qha vveba are vꜩ xachica xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.1#queba chuvi che ta queqha chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.2#chive. xax ma vꜩ vi xavi xere
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.3#chivil chiquivach quixqha ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.4#quecha chicut chiroxmul xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.5#bare ruꜩil xachicatix quiba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.6#quil pa racan ha ve cut quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.7#vchax chic cumal are vꜩ bala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.8#quecamic cate cu vꜩ chihoc qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.9#baquil chuvach abah que heri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.10#chiqueex cahim hal huhunal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.11#cu chiqueic cate cu chitix vbic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.12#chiracan a chiri cahcua chibe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.13#chuti huyub nima huyub quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.14#qha cut ta chicutunizah ri ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.15#pixab mi xcabÿh chive xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.16#qha xhunahpu xbalanque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.17#ta xepixabic xquetamah qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.18#camic. are caban rinima chohim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.19#abah queheri chohibal qui xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.20#ban xibalba nimac xac xquico
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.21#ho. cate cut xul zamahel achbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.22#lai que vzamahel hun came
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.23#vvcub came quepetoc coh be.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.24#ta cuq qaholab chibeta qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.25#la caquixcachohih caqha aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.26#u ixqaholab xevqhaxic vꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.27#bala xeqha cut anim xebec
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.28#xeopon cut chuchi choh chiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.29#cut xerah chih vi chi eꜩanem.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.30#cachopih vae ri ca qui cah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.31#tacmul tah chica xicah chica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.32#huhunal ixqaholab xeqhax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.33#cut rumal hun came. maui a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.34#re cohimich vi ri mapa queta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.35#am cacamic ixahauab chivi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.36#la na xeqha cut ta xquicula
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.37#vachih qui vach xqui rip qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.40#cab qui cabichal epu hupu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.41#huh ta xebec pa choh chiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.42#cut xecam vi qui cabichal que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.43#quicot chicut ronohel xibalba.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.44#tacal quiyuyub tacal qui xul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.45#cab mixecachaco quiꜩih mavi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.46#a tan xquiya quib xeqha. cate
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.47#cut qui taquic ri xulu pacam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.48#xcanahvi quiꜩih xavi xare
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s1.49#xꜩonox rixbe vi qui ba quil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.1#ta xequihin xibalba xhoc qui ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.2#quil xbe tixoc chi racan a macu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.3#xebeta chinah xa huzu xecah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.4#chuxe a chaom qaholab xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.5#vxic xavi xere qui vach xuxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.6#xecutun chicut.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.7#Chi robix cut xecutun chix xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.8#il chi ya rumal vinac e caib que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.9#heri xavinac car xevachinic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.10#ta xil qui vach cumal xibalba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.11#xeꜩucux cut chitac ya xchu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.12#eca cut quecutunoc e caib chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.13#meba aꜩiyac quivach aꜩiiac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.14#pu quih aꜩiiac cut qui cu mana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.15#chibanan ta qui vach ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.16#qui xeilic rumal xibalba hala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.17#chicut xquibano xa xahoh puhuy
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.18#xahoh cux xayboy xqui xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.19#ho xa xꜩul, xa chitic xqui xah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.20#chic quiia maihabal xquiban
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.21#chic xquiporoh ha queheri qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.22#ꜩih chicatic libah chicut chivi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.23#naquir chic. ꜩaꜩ chi xibalba chica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.24#yic cate chiquipuz quib chicam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.25#hun chique chipune na chicami
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.26#naquil nabe chiquicamizah quib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.27#xaui xere libah chicaztah vi chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.28#vvach xa quicay xibalba ta chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.29#quibano ronohel xquiban chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.30#v xenaahic chic chacbal quech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.31#xibalba cumal.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.32#Cate chi puch roponic chic v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.33#ꜩihel quixahoh chi xiquin aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.34#uab huncame, vvcub came xch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.35#a ta xquitao naqui ri caibme
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.36#ba la quiꜩih vi chi quz. quiꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.37#vi pu chihebelic quixahouic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.38#ronohel caquibano xqha cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.40#quiꜩihoxic xoponic cuq ahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.41#quz xquitao ta xbochi cut qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.42#zamahel tacol chique petoc ch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.43#vl ta quibana cacay queca ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.44#ihah tah quecacayih ta puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.45#quecha ahauab quixqha chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.46#que xuqhax ri zamahel xeo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.47#pon cut cuq ri xahol ta xqhav
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f29s2.48#cut quiꜩih ahauab chique
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.1#mabachicah rumal ri quiꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.2#cohxobic maxa mavi cohquix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.3#bic cohoc apanoc chi ahaual ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.4#rumal qui iꜩel cavach maxa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.5#qui nimac vbac cavach chi meba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.6#maxaon ril chire xaoh xahol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.7#naquita chicabÿh chique cach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.8#meba qo cam curaih naypu ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.9#ca xahoh caquicaztah quivach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.10#cuq maquehela cu xchicaban
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.11#chique ri ahauab quehe cu ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.12#vi cacah vi ixzamahel xeq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.13#ha cut ri hun ahpu xbalanque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.14#xelehebex na qui vach chuvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.15#ra chuvi cax cacrail xebec
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.16#maui atan xcah benam quia
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.17#mul xchihic xa chimachcay
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.18#zamahel chiquivach camol que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.19#ta xebe cut ruq ahau.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.20#Xeopon puch cuq ahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.21#Quemocho chic chiqui xule la
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.22#qui vach xeoponic xqui que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.23#melah quib chiquiluc quib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.24#chiquipach quib chimayoquih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.25#chiaꜩiac quiꜩih vi chimeba qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.26#vachibal xeoponic ta xꜩonox
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.27#cut quihuyubal camac puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.28#xꜩonox naipuch qui chuch qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.29#cahau apa quixpevi xevqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.30#xic. maba quetaon at ahau ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.31#ui xquetaamah vvach ca chuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.32#cacahau ca oh chutic oc ta xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.33#camic xa xeqha maui naquila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.34#xquibÿh. vꜩbala chiban ta ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.35#ca cay naqui chivah yvahil chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.36#cayao xevqhaxic. maba cacah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.37#quiꜩih chicacaxibih quib xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.38#chic chire ahau. mi xibih ivib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.39#mix xobic quixxahouoc. are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.40#ta nabe chixah ri quixpuzu ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.41#ivib chiporoh ta curi vochoch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.42#chibana ronohel ri ivetaam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.43#cohcay tah cacah are vma ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.44#qux quixbetacoc rumal ixme
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.45#ba chicaya ivahil xevqhax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.46#cut ta xquitiquiba cut quibix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s1.47#qui xahoh ta xulcut ronohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.1#ri xibalba xepulic ecayel ro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.2#nohel cut xquixaho xquixah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.3#cux, xquixah puhuy, xquixah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.4#yboy xqha cu ahau chique
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.5#chipuzu ri nu ꜩÿ chicaztah chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.6#vvach ivvmal xevqhaxic ve
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.7#xeqha. ta xquipuz ꜩÿ xqaztai
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.8#chi vvach quiꜩih cu chiquicot
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.9#ri ꜩÿ ta xqaztah vvach chuzac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.10#bizala vhe ta xqaztah v vach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.11#xqha cuahau chique chiporo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.12#h naba vochoch xevqhaxchic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.13#ta xquiporoh cut rochoch ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.14#e pulinac ahauab pa ha conohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.15#maui xecatic libah chichic x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.16#cuꜩinizah mana huzu zachic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.17#ri rochoch huncame xquimai
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.18#hah cut conohel ahauab xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.19#vi cu xere quexahouic nim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.20#quequicotic xevqhax chicut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.21#rumal ahau chicamizah na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.22#cuhun vinac chipuzu mata
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.23#cu chicamic xevqhaxcut vꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.24#bala xeqha taxquichap cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.25#hun vinac cate xquipuzu xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.26#poeoh cu acanoc vquxrihun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.27#vinac xquicoloba cut chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.28#vach ahauab xquimaiha chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.29#cut hun came, vvcub came li
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.30#bah chi cut xqazta chi v vach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.31#rihun vinac cumal nim chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.32#quicot vqux taxqaztah v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.33#vach xquimaihah cut ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.34#ab. chipuzuna china cuivib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.35#chiquiltah quiꜩih curaih ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.36#qux ri ixahoh xeqha chi cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.37#ahauab vꜩbala at ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.38#xeqhacut cate puch xquipuz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.39#quib are cu xpuz ri xhun ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.40#pu rumal xbalanque huhu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.41#nal cu xperepoxic racan vcab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.42#xelvholom xcole aponoc chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.43#nah xcotix vloc vqux xche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.44#que chuvach ꜩalic quecabar
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.45#curi ronohel rahaual xibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.46#ba chicay xacu hun chi caxa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f30s2.47#houilabic ri xbalanque cava
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.1#lihoc xqhacut libah chicut xqaz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.2#tah vvach. nim quequicotic. xavi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.3#quehe quequicot ahauab. xavi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.4#are quebanovic caquicot quiqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.5#huncame vvcub came queheri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.6#are quexahovic caquinao.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.7#Cate puch vrainic vmalinic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.8#pu quiqux ahauab chire qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.9#xahoh xhun ahpu xbalanque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.10#taxelcu quiꜩih hun came, v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.11#vcub came chibana chique cohipuzu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.12#xeqha cut hunal tah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.13#cohipuzu xecha cut hun ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.14#me vvcubcame chiquerix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.15#hunahpu xbalanque vꜩbala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.16#chiqaztah ivach mapaixqo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.17#cam, oh pu quicotirizai ive ix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.18#pu rahaual iv al iqahol xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.19#qha cut chique ahauab. are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.20#cu nabe xpuzri quivholom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.21#ahau hun came vbi rahaual
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.22#xibalba. caminac chicut hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.23#came taxchap chic vvcub ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.24#me maui xqaztah chi qui vach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.25#cate pu quelic xibalba chica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.26#can are xquil ri ahauab xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.27#camic e xaraxoh chubic epu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.28#xaraxoxinac qui cabichal xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.29#cu cahizabal qui vach xbanic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.30#huzuc xucamibeh rihun aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.31#u mana xquiqaztah chi vvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.32#are curi hun ahau xelahna
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.33#xoc na chiquivach ri e xahol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.34#maui xuculu mapu xurico to
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.35#cob nu vach xqha ta xuna rib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.36#xequiz cubec ronohel cal qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.37#qahol panima zivan xa hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.38#xquibalih vi quib panima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.40#xolobachan chiri cut etubul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.41#vi ta xculun cut maui ahi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.42#lan chi zanic tuculÿ vla que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.43#pa zivan quehe ri xebeyox
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.44#vloc ta xevl cut xquixul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.45#quiya chiquib conohel xeul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.46#elahoc xeul pu ococ quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.47#cut quechacatahic rahaual
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s1.48#xibalba, xamaihabal xa pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.1#qui halvachibal quib ta xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.2#bano. cate puch ta xquibÿh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.3#qui bi, xquicobizah quib chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.4#qui vach conohel xibalba.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.5#Chitaa cabi xchicabÿh. xch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.6#icabÿh naipuch vbi cacahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.7#chive ohva, oh xhun ahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.8#xbalanque cabi arecu ca ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.9#hau ri xicamizah hun hunah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.10#pu vvcub hun ahpu quibi oh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.11#cu pacol re vae quirail qui ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.12#xcol ri cacahau quehe cut mix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.13#cacuyu vi ronohel caxcol mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.14#xiban chique. quehe cut quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.15#cazach vi ivonohel quixcami
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.16#zah mahabi chic colotahel chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.17#ve xevqhax cut cate puch que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.18#lahic coquic conohel xibalba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.19#tocob ca vach ixhunahpu xba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.20#lanque/ quiꜩih vi xohmacunic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.21#chique ri icahau quibÿh la
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.22#cute e mucul chi pucbal chah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.23#xeqha cut. vꜩbala areba ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.24#caꜩih xchicabÿh chive chitaa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.25#ivonohel ix xibalba rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.26#mana nim chiiquih ivalaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.27#chuxic ruq naipuch mavi ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.28#m chi icochibal xzcaquin chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.29#chi quic holomax mavi chahom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.30#quic ive xa xot, xaacam, xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.31#chuch chire xheraxic xa naipu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.32#ral quim ral tolob chivechah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.33#macu ivech ri ronohel zaquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.34#al zaquil qahol xanoh chiꜩa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.35#co rib chivach. are ri ahmac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.36#ah labal, ah biz, ah moquen
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.37#chac na vmac quixoc vi mana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.38#xa rax chapom ronohel vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.39#chibano quixtaon puch chuvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.40#ri quic holomax, xevqhax cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.41#conohel xibalba, quehe cut ti
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.42#carinac qui zachic vmaixic na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.43#ipuch quiziquixic. maui nim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.44#qui quih oher xa xrah ꜩa vi vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.45#nac oher quiꜩih mana cabavil1
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.46#quibi oher xavi xibal oher iꜩel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f31s2.47#quivach e ahꜩa ahtucur, e tac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.1#chinel chimac chilabal; enaipu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.2#ah muculic qux, e quecail za
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.3#quiilah moxvach, ahlaꜩab que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.4#vqhaxic. chixeon quivach que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.5#culutahic; quehe cut vzachic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.6#qui nimal cacal, maui nim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.7#chi cahavarem xuxic. are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.8#xebanou ri xhun ahpu, xba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.9#lan que. are cut coquic cazi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.10#quin ri catit chuvach ri ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.11#ri xquitic canoc xpevtux ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.12#ah cate xchaquih chic are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.13#cut taxecat pachoh taxpe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.14#chicut vtux ri ah catecut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.15#xcaton ricatit xucat ri pom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.16#chuvach riah vnatabal quech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.17#rÿ. are xquicot vi vqux catit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.18#ri chu camul xpe vtux ri ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.19#ta xcabauilax rumal catit ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.20#xubinatizah cut nicah ha, ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.21#cah bi choc. cazamah chatam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.22#vleu vbi xuxic are cut xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.23#binaah vi nicah ha, nicah bichoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.24#rumal xa chunicahal vpa co
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.25#choch xquitic ah. are chi cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.26#xubinaah vi chatam vleu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.27#cazam ah chuvi chata vleu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.28#quitic vi ah. are nai pu xubi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.29#naah vi cazam ah rumal xpe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.30#vtux ah ta xcoh vbi rumal x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.31#mucane xquitic can oc hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.32#ahpu xbalanque xanatabal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.33#que rumal atit. are curi nabe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.34#quicahau xoheroc quecamoc ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.35#hun hunahpu vvcub hun ahpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.36#xquil chicut vvachri qui cahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.37#chila chi xibalba. xqhau chic qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.38#cahau chiquetax xquichac xi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.39#balba.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.40#Vacute vviquic chic qui ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.41#hau cumal are xquivic ri vvcub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.42#hunahpu chila xbe quivica vi chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.43#pucbal c
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.44#rah vxic xꜩonox cut chire vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.45#ronohel vchi vꜩam vbac vvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.46#xuric nabe vbi xacu zcaquin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s1.47#chic xchatahvi xere maui xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.1#bÿh chi vbi ri vhunalpuil vchi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.2#xerepu xchatah chivi quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.3#cut ta xquinimah vi canahoc v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.4#qux qui cahau xaui xcanah chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.5#pucbachah chiri quixziquix vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.6#chuxic xeqha chivqahol chirech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.7#ta xcubax vquxnabe chel ive
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.8#nabe naipuch. quixquihiloxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.9#rumal zaquil al zaquil ꜭahol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.10#maui chizachic ibita chuxoc xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.11#qha chirech qui cahau ta xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.12#cuba vqux xa oh pacolica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.13#mic izachic caxcol rail xban
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.14#chiue quehe cut quipixabic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.15#ri xchacatahinac oc ronohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.16#xibalba taxeacan culoc vara
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.17#le nicahzaC huzu cu xeacan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.18#chicah. hun cu quih hun naipu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.19#ic chique ta xzaquiric vpam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.20#cah v vach vleu chi cah xeqo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.21#heui are cut cachacanic ri o
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.22#much qaholab xecam rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.23#zipacna are cut cachbil xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.24#xic e vchumilal cah xevxic.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.25#Vae cut vtiqueric ta xnaohix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.26#vinac ta xꜩucux puch ri choc vtio
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.27#hilvinac xeqha cut ri alom qa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.28#holom, e ꜩacol bitol tepeu cucu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.29#maꜩ quibi mi xyopihic vzaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.30#ric mi xꜩac vꜩinic, mi pu xcaleic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.31#ꜩucul cool zaquil al zaquilqa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.32#hol mixeale vinac v vinaquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.33#v vach vleu xeqha, xmolomanic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.34#xulic xbe quinaoh chi queꜫumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.35#chiaeabal ta xquiꜩucuh xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.36#pucuh puch xenaohinic xebizon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.37#puch varal quehecut xelvia
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.38#ponoc qui naoh zaquil calal xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.39#rico xquicanaizah puch ri xoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.40#vtiohil vinac xazcaquin chic ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.41#ui cauachin quih ic chumil pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.42#qui vi e ꜩacol bitol.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.43#Pan paxil, pan cayala vbi xpe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.44#vi eanahal zaquihal.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.45#Are cuquibi chicop va camolre
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.46#cha. yac, vtiu, quel, hoh ecahib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f32s2.47#chi chicop xbÿn vꜩihel ꜫanahal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.1#zaquihal chique chila quepe vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.2#pan paxil xcut vbeel paxil are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.3#cut xquirico rÿ echa arecut xoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.4#vtiohil vinac ꜩac, vinac bit ha cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.5#vquiquel vquiquel vinac xuxic are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.6#xoc cumal alom qaholom ri hal.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.7#quehe cut xequicot vi rumal ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.8#vriquitahic vꜩilah huyub no
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.9#hinac chi quz ꜩaꜩ chi eana hal za
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.10#quihal ꜩaꜩ naipuch chipec chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.11#caco maui ahilan tulul cauex
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.12#quinom tapal, ahache cab nohi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.13#nac quilah echa chupan ritina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.14#mit pan paxil pan cayala vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.15#qo vi echa v vachinel ronohel chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.16#tiecha, nima echa, chuti ticon, ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.17#ma ticon xcut vbeel cuma chicop
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.18#ta xqueex cut ri cana hal zaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.19#hal beleheb cu vcaal xuban
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.20#xmucane echa xoquic ruqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.21#ropenal xvinaquir veabchial
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.22#v eanaal vinac xuxic ta xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.23#ban ri alom qaholom, tepeuh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.24#cucumaꜩ quevqhaxic cate cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.25#xquicoh paꜩih vꜩaquic vbitic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.26#canabe chuch cahau xaꜫana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.27#hal zaquihal vtiohil xa echa ra
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.28#can veab vinac ri e canabe ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.29#hau e cahib chivinac ꜩac xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.30#echa oquinac quitiohil.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.31#Vae quibi naabe vinac xeꜩa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.32#quic xebitic. are nabe vinac ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.33#Balam qui ꜩe. vcab chicut Ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.34#lam acab. roxchi cut Mahucutah.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.35#vcah cut Iquibalam. are cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.36#quibi ri canabe chuch cahau.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.37#Xa ꜩac xa bit que vqhaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.38#mahabi quichuch mahabi qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.39#cahau xa vtuquel achih chica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.40#bÿh mana ixoc xealanic ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.41#naipu xeqaholaxic rumal ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.42#ah ꜩac ahbit ri alom qaholom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.43#xapuz xa naual quiꜩaquic qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.44#bitic rumal ri ꜩacol bitol alom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.45#qaholom, tepeu cucumaꜩ. ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.46#xevinac vachin cut evinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s1.47#xevxic xeqhavic, xe ꜩihon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.1#puch xemucunic, xetaon puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.2#xebinic, xechapanic, evꜩilah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.3#vinac e chaom achihil vach qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.4#vachibal qo quxlab xuxic xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.5#mucum naipuch huzuc xopon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.6#qui mucubal xquiz quilo, xquiz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.7#quetamah ronohel xecah vue
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.8#quemucunic libah chi chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.9#zol vachih chizolmucuh puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.10#vpam cah upam vleu mahu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.11#catahil na chiquilixtah rono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.12#hel maquebin tanaon nabe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.13#cate ta chiquil ri vxecah xavi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.14#chire e qovi ta quemucunic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.15#ꜩaꜩ quetamabal xuxic xicou
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.16#qui vachibal pache, pa abah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.17#pa cho, pa palo, pa huyub, pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.18#tacah. quiꜩih vi chi eloeolah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.19#vinac ri balam quiꜩe, Balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.20#acab, mahucutah, iquibalam.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.21#Ta xeꜩonox cut rumal ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.22#ahꜩac ahbit huchalic iqohei
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.23#quinao maqui xmucunic ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.24#quixtaonic, ma vꜩ ichabal ruq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.25#ibinibal quixmucuna na cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.26#chiuila vxecah maealah hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.27#yub tacah quivilo chitiha na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.28#cut xevqhaxic cate puch xqu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.29#iz quil ronohel vxe cah cate
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.30#cut qui camouanic ri chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.31#ꜩacol bitol quiꜩih vi chi cam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.32#ul camo oxmul camo mi xohvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.33#naquiric mi pu xohchiinic, xoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.34#vachinic cohqhauic, cohtaonic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.35#cohbizonic cohzilabic vꜩ caca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.36#nao xquetamah nah nacah mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.37#pu xquilo nim chutin vpa cah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.38#vpa vleu camo cut chive mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.39#xohvinaquiric ohꜩac, oh bit mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.40#xohvxic at catit, at camam xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.41#qha taxquicamouah quiꜩaquic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.42#quibitic. xquiz quetamah rono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.43#hel xquimucuh cah ꜩuc cah xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.44#cut vpam cah vpam vleu ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.45#cuvꜩ xquitao riahꜩac ahbit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.46#mavi vꜩ ri mixquibÿh caꜩac ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f33s2.47#bit mixquetamah ronohel nim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.1#chutin queqha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.2#Quehe chicut vcamic chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.3#qui naoh alom qaholom hucha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.4#chic chicaban chique xata nacah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.5#chopon vi qui mucubal xatazca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.6#quin v vach vvach vleu chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.7#lo mavi vꜩ ri caquibÿh mapa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.8#xaꜩac xabit quibi xalabe eca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.9#bauil quevxi chic vve maui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.10#quepocotahic quequiritahic ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.11#chauaxoc ta zaquiroc vve ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.12#vi chiquiiaric ta chuxoc? xa cayo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.13#ho chi zcaquin chic qo chi carah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.14#mavi vꜩ cacanao. xapa xchihu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.15#namatah quibanoh cuq ri naht
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.16#copon vi quetamabl quilon ro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.17#nohel xevqhaxic rumal vqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.18#cah huracan, chipicaculha, raxa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.19#caculha tepeu cucumaꜩ alom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.20#qaholom, xpiyacoc, xmucane ꜩa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.21#col bitol quevqhaxic ta xquiban
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.22#cut vqoheic chic quiꜩac qui bit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.23#Xaca xvabax vbac qui vach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.24#rumal ri vqux cah xmoyic quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.25#ri xuxlabix vvach lemo xmoyo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.26#mobic vbac qui vach xanacah chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.27#xemucun vi xere chi calah ri e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.28#qo vi quehe cut vzachic queta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.29#mabal ruq ronohel qui naobal e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.30#cahib chi vinac, vxe vticaribal que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.31#he cut qui ꜩaquic quibitic nabe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.32#ca mam ca cahau rumal vqux cah v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.33#quxvleu taxqohe chi cut quiculel qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.34#xoquil puch xuxic xavi ca bauil xnao
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.35#hinchic quehe ri xapa varam xquicam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.36#xquicam vi quiꜩih e hebel chi ixoc qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.37#ruq balam quiꜩe balam acab, mahu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.38#cutah iquibalam, qo chi quixoquil ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.39#qui xeqaztahic anim xquicot chic qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.40#qux rumal qui culel are cu qui bi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.41#quixoquil va. caha paluna vbi rixo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.42#quil balam quiꜩe chomiha vbi rixo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.43#quil balam acab. ꜩununiha vbi ri xo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.44#quil mahucutah. caquixaha vbi rixo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.45#quil iquibalam. are cut vbi quixo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.46#quil ri e xoccahauab xevxic epo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s1.47#colvinac chutiamac nima a mac are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.1#cut vxe quech ri oh quiche vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.2#ꜩaꜩ cut xuxic ri ahquix ahcahb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.3#mana xa e cahib chic xuxic xere
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.4#cahib ri qui chuch oh quiche vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.5#halahoh chi quibi chi qui huhunal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.6#ta xpocotahic chila chirelebal quih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.7#qui vbi xuxic ri vinac tepeu, olo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.8#man, cohah, quenech, ahau chuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.9#ax chic vbi vinac chila relebal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.10#quih xpocotahic retaam cut vtica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.11#ric chic rech tamub, rech ilocab xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.12#hun xpevi chila relebal quih ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.13#lam quiꜩe vmam vcahau beleheb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.14#nimha chicaui quib balam acab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.15#vmam vcahau beleheb nim ha chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.16#nimhaibab. mahutah vmam v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.17#cahau cahib nim ha chi ahau qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.18#che oxchob chinamit chi vqoheic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.19#mavi zachel vbi vmam vcahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.20#are pocol quirol chila relebal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.21#quih xavi xere xpevi tamub ilo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.22#cab ruq oxlahuh vca amac. oxla
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.23#hun tecpan ruqrabinaleb, caechi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.24#queleb, ah q,inquina ha, ruq puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.25#zacahib, ruq naipuch lamaquib,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.26#cumaꜩ, tuhal ha vchabaha, ah chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.27#mila ha ruq ahquibaha, ah batenaba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.28#acul vinac balamiha canchahe leb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.29#balam colob. xere cut vnimaquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.30#amac ri vca amac qohqha chirech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.31#xavnimaquil ri mi xcacholo. qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.32#chic elenac chirih ri hutac chob
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.33#chitinamit maui mi xcaꜩibah qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.34#bi xavi cu chila xpocotah vi vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.35#relebal quih quia vinac xuxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.36#chique cumal ta xquiaric maha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.37#chalaxoc quih zac ta xequiaric
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.38#xa hun xeqohe vi conohel e ꜩaꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.39#chiquiqoheic quibinovic chila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.40#relebal quih are mahabi chiꜩu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.41#cun quicoon xavi chicah qui chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.42#pacaba qui vach mavi quetaam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.43#xebevi naht xquibano ta xqohe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.44#pa qui chiri queca vinac zaqui vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.45#nac quivachibal vinac qui vqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.46#bal vinac, cay vxi quin, qoleyuxe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f34s2.47#cah. qocut huyubal vinac mavi ilo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.1#vvach mahabi rochoch xachuti hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.2#yub nima huyub quebec queheri e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.3#chuh xeqha ta xqui yahobeh ri hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.4#yubal vinac xeqha chila xquil vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.5#relebal quih xa cu hun quiqhabal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.6#conohel maha chiquiziquihoc che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.7#abah are natal chiquech ri vꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.8#ꜩacol bitol vqux cah, vqux vleu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.9#xeqha xere qui quxlaan ri re
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.10#vaxic vzaquiric. xaꜩononic chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.11#quibano e ahloe ꜩihe ahloe eah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.12#nim, e ahxob chiquipacaba qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.13#vach chicah ta chiqui ꜩonoh qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.14#meal qui qahol acaroc at ꜩacol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.15#at bitol cohauila, cohata moha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.16#zaco, mohapizcalih at cabauil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.17#chicah chivleuh vqux cah v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.18#quxvleu chatah quetal caꜩihol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.19#chi be quih chi be zac ta chauaxoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.20#ta zaquiroc quita raxalbe raxal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.21#hoc cohaya vi lianic zaclianic a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.22#mac tah vꜩilah zac, vꜩilah amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.23#tah, vꜩilah qazlem, vinaquirem
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.24#ta puch cohaia vi at huracan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.25#chipa caculha, raxa caculha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.26#chipina navac raxa nana vac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.27#voc hunahpu tepeu cucumaꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.28#alom qaholom xpiyacoc, xmu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.29#cane ratit quih ratit zac tacha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.30#uaxoc, ta zaquiroc. xeqha ta xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.31#quilonic xeziquinic xazelava
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.32#chin vzaquiric xavi chila que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.33#mucun vi relebal quih quila va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.34#chin ri iqoquih nima chu mil xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.35#chalaxic quih ꜩihol re vpa cah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.36#vpavleu vbinibal vinac ꜩac vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.37#nac bit xeqha e balam quiꜩe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.38#balam acab, mahucutah, iqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.39#balam coyobeh na vzaquiric
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.40#xeqha e nimac etamanel enao
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.41#nel e ahquixb, e ah nim quevqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.42#xic mahabi cuhabioc che abah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.43#chichahin e canabe chuch cahau.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.44#e xacu xcoz qui qux chiri chiro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.45#yobexic quih e quÿ chic rono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.46#hel amac ruq ya qui vinac ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s1.47#quix ahcab xaho oh caꜩu cuhoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.1#pu quila ve qo chi chahin quetala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.2#chicaric ri cohꜩihon ta chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.3#xaqui quehe oh qolic mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.4#chahal que xeqha cut e balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.5#quiꜩe, balam acab, mahucutah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.6#iqui balam xquitao vꜩihol hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.7#tinamit xebevi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.8#Arecut vbi huyub va xebe vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.9#Balam quiꜩe, Balam acab mahu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.10#cutah, iqui balam ruq tumub, ilo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.11#cab, tulanzuiva vvcub pec, vv
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.12#cubzivan vbi tinamit xeopon vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.13#e camolre cabauil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.14#Xeopon cut chila tulan conoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.15#el maui ahilan chivinac xoponic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.16#ꜩaꜩcut chubinic cholon cut relic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.17#vloc qui cabavil nabe ri balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.18#quiꜩe, Balam acaab, mahucutah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.19#iqui balam quequicotic are ca ꜩu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.20#cum va mi xcarico xeqha are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.21#cut nabe xel ri tohil vbicaba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.22#uil . xequel vcoc ri caxic rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.23#balam quiꜩe. xel chicu vloc avi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.24#lix vbi cabauil xrucah Balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.25#acabal hacauiꜩ chic vbi caba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.26#vil xucamo Mahucutah. nica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.27#cahtacah vbi cabavil xucamo i
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.28#qui Balam. xere cut rach queche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.29#vinac ri xucaam chicut reta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.30#mub xaui xere tohil chitamub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.31#qo vbi xcamouic vmam vcaha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.32#u tamub ahauab quetaan cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.33#vacamic, roxchicut ilocab xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.34#ui tohil vbi cabavil xucamo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.35#quimam quicahau ahauab xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.36#ui quetaam va camic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.37#Quehecut vbinaam vi ox
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.38#ib chiquiche xma xuꜩocopih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.39#virib rumal xa hunam vbi ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.40#bauil tohil quiche, tohil chi ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.41#mub, chi ilocab xa hun vbi v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.42#cabavil que cu mavi xuhach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.43#vi rib roxichal queche oxib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.44#ri quiꜩih nimac qui qoheic to
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.45#hilauilix hacaviꜩ ta xoc chicut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.46#ronohel amac rabinaleb, ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f35s2.47#echequeleb, ahq,iquina ha, ruq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.1#yaquivinac vbi vacamic. chiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.2#cut xhalcatih v qhabal ri a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.3#mac halahoh qui qhabal xuxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.4#maui calah chic xquitao chi qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.5#bilquib ta xepetic chitulan chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.6#ri cut xquipaxih vi quib qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.7#xbechila relebal quih, ꜩaꜩ cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.8#ri xpe varal. xa cuha mahꜩu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.9#um quicu, mahabi ri vꜩilah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.10#tac cul tah quicohom xa v ‘q,u
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.11#mal chicop qui cauvbal eme
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.12#ba mahabi quech xa enaual
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.13#vinac chiquiqoheic. taxepe chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.14#la tulan zu va vvcub pec vvcub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.15#zivan qha chupan oher ꜩih ꜩaꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.16#chubinic xopon chitulan macu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.17#habi ꜫaꜫ xaqui e co ri tohil are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.18#curi vcabauil amac nabe xvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.19#naquir vꜫaꜫ maui calah vvina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.20#quiric canicou chic qui ꜫaꜫ ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.21#xquil ri Balam quiꜩe Balam a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.22#cab acaroc mahabi ca ꜫaꜫ mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.23#xuxic xcohcam rumal tu xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.24#qha cut ta xqhau cut ritohil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.25#mixbizonic qoivech chizach ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.26#ꜫaꜫ+ xqha cut tohil chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.27#que. ma quiꜩih at cabauil at
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.28#caꜩucuh at pu ca coon at ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.29#cabauil xeqha chire ta xquica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.30#movah ri xubÿh tohil. uꜩbala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.31#quiꜩih in icabauil ta chuxoc in
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.32#ivahaual ta chuxoc xevqhax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.33#ri ahquixb ahcah rumal to
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.34#hil arecut queꜫaꜫal ria
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.35#mac quequicotic rumal qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.36#ꜫaꜫ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.37#Catepuch ta xticaric nima hab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.38#are catilo vꜫaꜫ amac ꜩaꜩ cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.39#chi zacboch xachic pa qui vi ro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.40#nohel amac ta xchup cut qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.41#ꜫaꜫ rumal zacboch mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.42#chic quiꜫaꜫ xuxic. ta xquizo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.43#noh chi cut quiꜫaꜫ ri Balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.44#quiꜩe Balam acab, at tohil qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.45#ꜩih cohvꜩinic rumal tu xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.46#qhacut chire tohil vꜩ mixbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s1.47#zonic xqha tohil. cate ta xre
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.1#lezah ꜫaꜫ xubac uloc chupan v xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.2#hab cate cut xequicot ri Balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.3#quiꜩe Balam acab, mahucutah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.4#iqui balam cate cut xe miquic are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.5#ncut chupinac chic vꜫaꜫ amac que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.6#vꜩin chic rumal teu cate pu qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.7#petic chic eꜩonoy qui ꜫaꜫ cuq ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.8#Balam quiꜩe Balam acab mahucu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.9#tah iqui balam macu caquichih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.10#chic rumal teu zacboch xaquelex
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.11#lot chic quezizot chi puch maha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.12#bi e qaz chivi cacoycot chic cacan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.13#qui cab maui quechapon chic ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.14#xevlic ma qui coh quix na ivq chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.15#caꜩonoh ta vcoycaquin i ꜫaꜫ xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.16#ta xe vlic. macuhabi xeculaxic ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.17#xcocon cu qui qux ri amac halan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.18#chic qui qhabal ribalam quiꜩe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.19#Balam acab mahucutah iquiba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.20#lam acaroc a xcanah vi caqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.21#bal hupacha xcabano mi sosa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.22#chic apa xohqaxtoqax vi xa hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.23#ca qhabal ta xohpe chila tulan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.24#xa pu hun ca ꜩuquibal ca vina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.25#quiribal: maui vꜩ xcabano xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.26#qha cut conohel amac xeche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.27#xe caam ta xucut curib hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.28#vinac (Demonium loquens cis) hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.29#vinac chi quivach ri Balam qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.30#ꜩe balam acab mahucutah iqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.31#balam xqha curi vzamahel xibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.32#ba: quiꜩih chi are icabavil ri a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.33#re iꜩucun, are pu vquexvach na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.34#tabal re ꜩacol t ive bitol pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.35#ive mi ia cu qui ꜫaꜫ riamac ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.36#na chiquiyao chire tohil mi vah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.37#abah chiquiya3 chive chi ꜩonoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.38#na chirech tohil chire na chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.39#pe vi chiquiyao cambal ꜫaꜫ x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.40#qha ri xibalba qo vxic queheri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.41#vxic zoꜩ inzamahel cumal ꜩa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.42#col ive bitol ive xqha curi xi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.43#balba. xequicot chicut xnimar
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.44#chic chi qui qux ri tohil avilix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.45#acaviꜩ, ta xqha u ri xibalba.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.46#libah chicut xuzach rib chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f36s2.47#qui vach, maui xmainic ta xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.1#vl chicut ri amac quevꜩin chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.2#ruvl chicut ri amac quevꜩin chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.3#rumal teu ꜩaꜩ chi zacboch chique
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.4#cal hab zacbocom puch maui a22hí
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.5#lan teu caquiculu queluclutic que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.6#chacchot chic rumal teu ronohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.7#amac ta xevl chiri e qo vi balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.8#quiꜩe balam acab, mahucutah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.9#iqui balam nim vcatat qui qux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.10#chiquimah quichi chiqui mah qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.11#vach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.12#Cate puch culic chic e eloeom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.13#chiquivach balam quiꜩe, balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.14#aeab, mahucutah iqui balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.15#maqui chitocobah cavach chica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.16#ꜩonoh tucoc zcaquin i ꜫaꜫ maui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.17#xuculu mapu xurico, mapu xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.18#hun cochoch, xa pu hun cahuyu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.19#bal ta xix ꜩaquic, ta xixbitic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.20#chi tocobah ta cu cavach xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.21#cut naqui 􀁳􀁳chi yao chique
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.22#chicatocobah cu ivach xevqhax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.23#cut vꜩ chicaya puvac chive xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.24#qha curi amac maui cacah ri pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.25#vac xeqha cut ri amac balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.26#quiꜩe balam acab naqui pa qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.27#chivah xataba chica ꜩonoh xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.28#qha chi cut ri amac vꜩbala caꜩo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.29#noh na chirech tohil cate cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.30#xchicabÿh chive xevqhax chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.31#cate puch xquiꜩonoh chire tohil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.32#naquipa chiquiya ri amac at to
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.33#hil cut quiꜩonoh ri a ꜫaꜫ xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.34#curi balam quiꜩe balam acab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.35#mahucutah iqui balam. vꜩbala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.36#machicah qui tunic xe qui toloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.37#xe pu qui mezquel ma carah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.38#on qui qux quinquicaluh ri in
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.39#tohil ta macu chirah, macu chin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.40#ya qui ꜫaꜫ caqha tohil quicho􀁳
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.41#chique catical na cut mana ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.42#mic tah xquitunic xequitoloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.43#qui mezquel cacha chivech qu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.44#ixqha xevqhaxcut balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.45#quiꜩe balam acab mahucutah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.46#iqui balam ta xquibih cut vꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.47#tohil vꜩbala chi tunic vꜩ puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s1.48#chicacaluh xe qha cut taxqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.1#chocobeh xquiculuba puch u ꜩih to
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.2#hil maui xquiquiyalah chic vꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.3#xa huzu xeqha ta xquicam cut ꜫaꜫ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.4#cate xemiquic xa cu huchob ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.5#xa xrelecah vbic ꜫaꜫ pazib are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.6#ri zoꜩila ha chamalcan vbi quica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.7#bauil caechequeleb xazoꜩ vva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.8#chibal ta xeico pazib chi liblutic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.9#xe icouic ta xul vcama ꜫaꜫ maui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.10#xuꜩonoh v ꜫaꜫ ri ꜫaꜫchequeleb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.11#maui xuya rib chichaquic xere x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.12#chacatah ri amac ronohel taxu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.13#yao uxe vtoloc uxe vmezquel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.14#chi tuxic are cut vtuxic rixu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.15#bÿh tohil ta xpuz ronohel amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.16#chuvach ta xcotix vloc vqux chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.17#toloc chumezquel maha chitihouoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.18#vbanic ta xnic vachixic rumal to
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.19#hil vcamic puch ꜫaꜫal tepeval cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.20#mal ri balam quiꜩe, balam acab,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.21#mahucutah, iqui balam. chila pe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.22#tenac vi tulan zu va macu que va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.23#tah hunelic meuahic xquibano
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.24#xere qui zelavachin rivzaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.25#ric quilavachin relic vla quih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.26#que halou quib chirilic ri nima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.27#qhumil icoquih vbi are nabe chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.28#vach quih ta chalaxoc ri quih.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.29#raxa icoquih amaquel cu chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.30#la co vi qui vach chirelebal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.31#quih ta xeqohe chila tulan zu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.32#va vbi xpe vi qui cabauil ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.33#na ta xata cavaral tah xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.34#cam vi qui ꜫaꜫal cahauarem
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.35#puch xavi chila xchatah vi xio
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.36#cotah vi nima amac chuti amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.37#ta xpuzic chuvach tohil xuyao
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.38#vquiquel vcomahil vtoloc v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.39#mezquel ronohel vinac huzu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.40#chitulan xpe vi qui ꜫaꜫal nima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.41#etamabal qo ruq chi queeumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.42#cut, chi acabal puch xquibano
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.43#xepe chicut xebocotah chivla
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.44#chila xquicanah chic relebal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.45#quih maui are cochoch va xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.46#ho chiquil na coh tique vi xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f37s2.47#curi tohil quiꜩih chi qhauic chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.1#quech balam quiꜩe, balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.2#acab, mahucutah iqui balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.3#quix camouan na canoc chita
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.4#ha nacut v hutic i xiquin chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.5#ziza ichuc quixcahboc areica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.6#movabal chuvach cabauil vꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.7#bala xeqha cut ta xquihut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.8#qui xiquin xoc cut chupan qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.9#bix qui petic tulan xoc qui qux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.10#taxepetic ta xcocotah canoc tu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.11#lan acaroc maui varal xchi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.12#quilvi vzaquiric ta chalaxoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.13#ri quih zac quirizai vvach vleu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.14#xeqha cut ta xpecut xacu xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.15#canahibeh ripabe xa xcovi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.16#vinac chicanah chiri quevar
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.17#vi huhun chi amac queyaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.18#tahvi vloc amaquel cut chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.19#quil ri chumil retal quih are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.20#retal vzaquiric chiqui qux ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.21#xepetic chila relebal quih chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.22#qui hunam vach xeicou vla
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.23#chila nim xol cabixic vacamic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.24#Taxevl puch chiri chuvi hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.25#huyub chiri xquicuch vi quib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.26#conohel queche vinac ruq a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.27#mac chiriqu xepopon vi co
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.28#nohel ta xquipixabah quib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.29#vbinaam huyub vacamic chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.30#pixab vbihuyub. xe cuchu vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.31#quib chiri cut xquicobizah vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.32#quib. inva inqueche vinac, at
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.33#curi at tamub, are abi chuxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.34#xu qhax ri tamub. xqha chicut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.35#ilocab at ilocab are abi richu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.36#xic maui zachel oxib chi quiche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.37#xahunam caꜩih xeqhacut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.38#ta xcoh quibi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.39#Ta xbinaah chicuri ꜫaꜫche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.40#queleb. ꜫaꜫchequeleb vbi xuxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.41#ruc chic rabinaleb are chicu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.42#vbi xuxic maui zachinac vaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.43#mic are chicuri ah q,iquina ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.44#vbi vacamic are cu qui bi ri x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.45#quibÿh quichiquibil quib. chiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.46#na xe poponvi xa chicoyobehna
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s1.47#vzaquiric chiquila vachih relic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.1#vlachumil are nabe chuvach quih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.2#ta chalaxoc chila xohpe vi xa xoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.3#paxin quib xecha chi quibil quib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.4#are chicatatat vi qui qux ri ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.5#ma caxcol xe icou vi vloc maha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.6#bi va mahabi echa xa vxe qui cha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.7#mi chiquizico queheri quevaic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.8#chiquinao xma queva vi ta xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.9#petic macu calah qui i couic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.10#vloc pa palo queheri maha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.11#bi palo xeicouvi vloc xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.12#chuvi tac abah xeicou vi vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.13#colehe vla ri abah puzanaieb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.14#ta xquibinatizah cut cholochic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.15#abah bocotahinac zanaieb v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.16#bi cumal ri xeicou vi vloc chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.17#pan palo vhachon rib ha xeicou
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.18#vi vloc are cut chitat1 vi quiqux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.19#ta xe pixaban quib chi mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.20#qui va hu vc chiquicumeh ri xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.21#hunai xim chiri cut ecaal vi ch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.22#uvihuiub chipixab vbi. xauica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.23#cucaam ri tohil auilix hacaviꜩ.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.24#nima meuahic caquiban ri ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.25#lam quiꜩe ruq rixoquil eaha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.26#paluna vbi rixoquil. xavi que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.27#he cubano balam acab ruq ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.28#xoquil chomiha vbi. ruq chic ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.29#hucutah nima meuahic qovi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.30#ruq rixoquil ꜩununiha vbi.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.31#ruq iquibalam caquixha vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.32#rixoquil are cut e ah meva ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.33#chique cumal chiaeabal nim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.34#qui biz taxe qoheic chuvi huyub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.35#chipixab vbi vacamic xqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.36#chi cut qui cabauil chiri.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.37#Ta xqha cut ruq tohil au
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.38#lix hacaviꜩ chiquech ri Ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.39#lam quiꜩe, balam acab, mahu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.40#cutah, iqui balam, xata coh bec
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.41#xata pu cohyacatahic mata va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.42#ral qoh qohe vi, chieualtah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.43#cohiyavi mixyopih vzaquiric ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.44#pa tocob ivach vve coh cana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.45#bixic rumal ahlabal chiꜩac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.46#va ohqo vi ivumal ixahquixb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f38s2.47#ah cahb huhuntacut cohiyavi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.1#xeqhacut ta xeqhauic. vꜩ ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.2#la xa coh bocotahic caꜩucuh tac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.3#ri quechelah xeqha cut conohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.4#cate puch xquicam chirecaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.5#v cabavil huhun chiquech ta xoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.6#cut avlix pazivan vbinaam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.7#evabal zivan chuchax cumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.8#pa nima zivan chiquechelah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.9#pa vlix vbi vacamic chiri xca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.10#nahvi xcucanahoc pazivan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.11#rumal Balam acab. cholom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.12#vcanahic vnabe ri xcanah chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.13#cut hacaviꜩ chuvi hun nima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.14#caeha hacaviꜩ vbi huyub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.15#vacamic. xquitinamit curi xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.16#xic chiricut xqohe vi caba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.17#vil hacaviꜩ vbi. xavi, xca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.18#nah ri mahucutah ruc vcabavil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.19#vcab cut cabavil ri xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.20#vax cumal mana paqu e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.21#chelah xqohe vi hacaviꜩ xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.22#zaqui huyub xevax vi hacaviꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.23#ta xpe chicut balam quiꜩe xul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.24#chiri panima quechelah xul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.25#euaxa vi tohil rumal Balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.26#quiꜩe patohil qhuqhax va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.27#camic vbi huyub ta xquicobi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.28#zah ri euabal zivan, cuna
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.29#bal tohil ꜩaꜩ chi cumaꜩ, ꜩaꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.30#puch chi balam, zochoh, can
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.31#ti chiri pa quechelah xeqohe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.32#vi xeuax vi cumal ahquixb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.33#ah cahb. xa cuhun xeqohe vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.34#Balam quiꜩe balam acab, ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.35#hucutah iqui balam, xa hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.36#xcoyobeh vi vzaquiric chiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.37#chuvi huyub hacaviꜩ vbi xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.38#vi cu coc vxol ri xq ohe vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.39#cabauil tamub ruq ilocab, a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.40#mactan vbi ri xqohevi ri v ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.41#bavil ta mub chiri xzaquir vi am
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.42#ac vquin cat vbi ri xzaquiric
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.43#viri ilocab chiri xqohevi v ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.44#bavil ilocab xa coc vxol hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.45#yub xavi chiri ronohel rabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.46#naleb ꜫaꜫchequeleb ah q,i
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s1.47#quinaha ronohel chuti amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.1#nima amac xa hun xtacatob vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.2#xa pa hun zaquiric vi xa hun xco
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.3#yobeh vi relic vloc nima qhumil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.4#icoquih vbi, nabe chel vloc chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.5#vach quih ta zaquirioc xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.6#xacuhun xeqohe vi balamqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.7#ꜩe, balam acab, mahucutah, i
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.8#qui balam, mahabi qui varan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.9#qui yacalem. nim roqueh qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.10#qux qui pam chire vzaquiric
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.11#vpacatahic puch xavi chila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.12#xquixb vi vvach xepe vi nima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.13#biz nima moquem echicari
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.14#nac rumal vqaxcol. xa e qovi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.15#vloc mavi quz mi xohpe vi aca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.16#roc ohtah xcohilouic ralaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.17#quih hulacha xcabano hunam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.18#cavach chicahuyubal xa xco
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.19#cotah quib queqha ta quique
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.20#qhavic chiquibil quib chuvi biz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.21#chuvi moquem, chuvi puch o
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.22#queh zic xechav vi mahacutah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.23#chicuba roc qui qux chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.24#vzaquiric. are cut ecucuxinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.25#vi ri cabauil patac zivan pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.26#tac quechelah xa pa ec xa pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.27#aꜩiiac eqovi mana paꜩalam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.28#tah xeya vi queqhau nabec ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.29#tohil avilix hacaviꜩ nim qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.30#quih nimpuch cabcuxlab chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.31#vi ronohel vcabauil amac ꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.32#aꜩ quinaual ꜩaꜩ puch qui bi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.33#nibal quichacabal chi tevnic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.34#chi xibinic qui qoheic chi qux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.35#amac cubulic qui quxlal cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.36#mal ri balam quiꜩe, balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.37#acab mahucutah, iqui balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.38#mana chilic cayal ta qui qux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.39#chire ri cabavil cucaam que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.40#cam puch xepe chila tulan zuy
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.41#va chila relebal quih xavicu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.42#chiri xeqohe vi pa quechelah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.43#are zaquiribal pa tohil paav
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.44#lix, pa hacaviꜩ cuqhaxicva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.45#camic. arecut xeahauax vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.46#xe zaquir vi camam cacahauva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f39s2.47#chi cabÿh chic vzaquiric vva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.1#chinic puch quih, ic, qhumil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.2#Vae cute vzaquiric vvachi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.3#nic puch quih, ic, qhumil.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.4#Nim cut xe quicotic balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.5#quiꜩe, balam acab, mahucutah,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.6#iqui balam ta xril ri icoquih. na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.7#be xel vloc chitiltotic vvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.8#ta xel vloc nabe cut chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.9#quih cate cut ta xqui quir qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.10#pom chila petenac vi relebal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.11#quih cate vchac chiquiqux ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.12#xquiquiroc oxichal quicamo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.13#vabal chi qui qux. mi xtam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.14#pom vbi pom rucaam balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.15#quiꜩe. cavizton pom chicv
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.16#bi pom rucaam balam acab.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.17#cabavil pom chuqhaxic chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.18#rucam mahucutah. e oxibqo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.19#qui pom are cut xquicato
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.20#ta xe zacbizani aponoc chila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.21#relebal quih quz queoquic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.22#taxezacbizanic x quicat qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.23#pom loꜫalah pom cate cut x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.24#coqueh ri maui xquilo ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.25#pu xquivachih ralaxic quih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.26#cate puch ta xel vlo quih xquicotic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.27#chuti chicop nima chicop xquiz ya
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.28#catah vloc pabeya pazivan xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.29#qoheic ꜩam tachuyub, xahun xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.30#xevi qui vach chila xelvi vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.31#quih, cate ta xeoquic coh balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.32#nabe cut xoc ri q,iquin quele
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.33#ꜩu vbi. quiꜩih chi xquicot rono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.34#hel chicop xquirip qui xic, cot
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.35#zaccuch chuti q,iquin nima q,iquin.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.36#e cu xucuxuxinac ri ah quixb,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.37#ah cahb nim quequicotic ruq rah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.38#quixb, rahcahb tamub ilocab ruq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.39#rabinaleb ꜫaꜫchequeleb, ahq,I
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.40#quinaha ruq tuhalha vchaba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.41#ha, quibaha, ah batena ruqya
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.42#qui tepeu harub pa chi a mac qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.43#vacamic maui ahilan chi vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.44#xahun xzaquir vi ronohel a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.45#mac, cate puch xchquihic v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.46#vach vleu rumal ri quih queheri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s1.47#hun chivinac riquih taxucut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.1#rib catan vvach are xchaquih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.2#vi vvach vleu maha chela vla
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.3#quih chacalic yiꜩil puch vva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.4#ch vleu maha chela vla quih xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.5#cu xcaoh acanoc ri quih que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.6#heri hunchi vinac macu xehita
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.7#bic xchihtahic vcatanal xacu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.8#vcut bal rib ta xalaxic xachi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.9#cu vlemo ri xcanahic maui qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.10#ꜩih are chiquih ri cavachinic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.11#xqha chupan quiꜩih. cate puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.12#huzu xabahir ritohil aulix ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.13#caviꜩ ruq v cabavilal coh ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.14#lam zochoh canti zaquicoxol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.15#xa xuchap chi vca rib pache
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.16#ta xvachin quih ic, chumil hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.17#mah abah xuxic ronohel ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.18#taoh yacamarinac lo vacamic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.19#rumal ri tion el chicop coh ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.20#lam zochoh canti zaquicoxol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.21#mata habi caquih lo vacamic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.22#mata xabahiric vnabe chicop
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.23#rumal quih ta xel vloc nima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.24#quicotem xqohe vi qui qux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.25#balam quiꜩe, balam acab, ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.26#hucutah, iqui balam nimxe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.27#quicotic ta xzaquiric mana e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.28#ta quÿa vinac chiqui qoheic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.29#xa e chutin ta xeqohe chiri chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.30#vi huyub hacaviꜩ chiri xeza
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.31#quir vi chiri puch xecaton vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.32#xezacbizan aponoc chila chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.33#relebal quih xepevi are qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.34#huyubal, qui tacahal chila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.35#xepe vi balam quiꜩe, balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.36#acab, mahucutah, iqui balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.37#quibi chiri cute xequiar vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.38#chuvi huyub are cut quitina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.39#mit xuxic chiri cu qo vi taqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.40#xvachin quih, ic, chumil. xza
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.42#quiric, xpacatahic v vach vleu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.43#ronohel xecah chiri cut xti
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.44#carvi quibix camucu vbi xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.45#bixah xaroqueh qui qux qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.46#pam xquibÿh chupam qui bix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.47#acaroc xohzachic chi tulan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f40s2.48#xoh paxin vi quib xecacanah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.1#chic caꜩ cachac avi mixquil vi quih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.2#avion e qovi ta mi xzaquiric xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.3#qha chire rahquixb, rahcahb ya
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.4#qui vinac xavi xere tohil vbi vca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.5#bavil yaqui vinac yolcuat qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.6#ꜩalcuat vbi xcahach chila chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.7#tulan chi zuy va are cachelic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.8#vloc arepuch vꜩacat ca vach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.9#ta xohpetic xeqha chiquibil quib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.10#ta xqinatah chiapanoc caꜩ qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.11#chac ri yaqui vinac rixzaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.12#ric chila Mexico vbinaam va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.13#camic qo chi nai puch chahcar
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.14#vinac xquicanah chila rele
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.15#bal quih tepeu oliman quibi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.16#xeca canah canoc xeqha nim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.17#vcatat qui qux chiri chuvi ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.18#caviꜩ xavi quehe caquiban ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.19#rech tamub ilocab xavi xere
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.20#eqo vi chiri paquechelah amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.21#Dan vbi xzaquir vi rachquixb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.22#rachcahb tamub ruq vcabavil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.23#xavi xere tohil xa hun vbi vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.24#vcabauil roxchobichal queche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.25#vinac. xaui cu xere chic vbi vca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.26#bauil rabinaleb xzcaquin vhal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.27#cat vbi hun toh chuqhaxic vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.28#v cabauil rabinaleb xacu chari
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.29#xachirah hunamatah chi queche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.30#chi vghabal. arecut halcatahi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.31#nac vi qhabal ruq ꜫaꜫchequeleb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.32#rumal halan vbi vcabauil taxpe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.33#chila tulan zuy va, ꜩoꜩiha chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.34#malcan vbi vcabauil xacucha ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.35#lan vqhabal1 vacamic ruq naipu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.36#ch chirih vcabavil xcamon ri v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.37#bi v chinamit ah pozoꜩil ah po
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.38#xa quevqhaxic xavi vcabavil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.39#xhalcatih vi vqhabal ta xya vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.40#vcabavil chila tulan chirihabah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.41#xhalcatih vi vqhabal ta xpe tulan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.42#chiqueeumal xa cu hun xa uax vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.43#xzaquir vi ronohel amac qolehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.44#vbi vcabauil chuhutac chobil a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.45#recut xchicabÿh chic qui alubic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.46#quibaya tahic puch chiri chuvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s1.47#huyub xahun xeqohe vi quica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.1#hichah balam quiꜩe, balam acab,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.2#mahucutah, iqui balam quibi coc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.3#qui qux chire ri tohilaulix ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.4#caviꜩ areqochic pa ec pa ꜩi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.5#yac cumal.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.6#Vacute quicatonic vxe chipu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.7#ch cohbal rech tohil ta xebe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.8#cut chu vach tohil aulix xbequila x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.9#be pu quiquihila xecamouan chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.10#chu vach chire vzaquiric ecu vono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.11#voh chic chiabahil chiripa queche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.12#lah xaqui naual vach chic xqhauic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.13#taxeopon ri ahquixb ahcahb chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.14#vach ri tohil macu nim ri cucaam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.15#quicatoh puch xaꜫol xa rachac noh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.16#ruq yia xquicato chuvach quica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.17#bauil ta xqhao cut ri tohil xa vna
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.18#ual chic tax ya vloc quinaoh rieah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.19#quixb eah cahb. xeqha ta xeqhauic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.20#xavi varal cahuyubal catacahal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.21#chuxic oh ivech chic mixuxic ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.22#m caquih nim pu calaxic rumal ro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.23#nohel vinac ivech ri ronohel a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.24#mac xavi cu oh ivachbil china
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.25#itinamit xavi chicaya inaoh moh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.26#icut chuvach riamac tacoh qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.27#ꜫaꜫanih rumal ri quiꜩih vi chi e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.28#qui chi qui qoheic quehe cu maui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.29#coh iralahobizah vi xere cut chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.30#ya chiquech riralquim ral torob
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.31#xere curi xnam queh xnam q,i
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.32#quin chulta i ya zcaquin vquiquel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.33#chiquech, tocob cavach chicanah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.34#cut rizmal ri queh chichahih a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.35#re e ri vmucu vach chimich canoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.36#are vqueh chuxic are naipuch ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.37#quexvach chicut chuvach a mac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.38#apa qo vi tohil ta quixvqhaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.39#are cut chi cut ri cuqueh chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.40#quivach mi cut naipu ivib qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.41#chicut chiban chic nim iqoheic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.42#chuxic chichac ri ronohel amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.43#chicucah vquiquel vcomahil chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.44#cavach chul vi coh, quicaluh e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.45#quech chicxqha curi tohil aulix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.46#hacaviꜩ caholal vach chiquiva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f41s2.47#chibeh ta queilic ta chopon puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.1#catoh chiquivach ta xticar cut v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.2#ꜩucuxic ri ral tac q,iquin ral
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.3#queh camob ꜩucuxic cumal ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.4#ahquixb ahcahb arecut ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.5#chiquiric ri q,iquin alqueh ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.6#te cut chibe qui culu ri vquiquel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.7#queh q,iquin pu chi ri abah ri to
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.8#hilaulix xucari cut vcaah quic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.9#cumal cabauil huzu chi qhau ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.10#abah ta queoponic ri ahquixb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.11#ahcahb ta chibe quiya qui catoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.12#xavi quehe chic chiquibano
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.13#chuvachri cuqueh chi qui cat ꜫol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.14#chi qui cat puch yia, holom ocox
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.15#xqohe qui cu queh chiqui huhu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.16#nal chiri cul vi cumal chuvihu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.17#yub maui qui lacaben ri cochoch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.18#chi quihil xapatac huyub quebi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.19#invi arecut chiquechaah ri xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.20#ral vorom. xa ral zital xa pu ral
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.21#acah, chiquiꜩucuh mana vꜩilah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.22#va vꜩilah a. tapuch maui ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.23#lah vbeel cochoch maui calah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.24#qovi canoc quixoquila, are cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.25#ꜩaꜩ chic riamac huhun chi zepe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.26#zoh vi qui cuchun chiquib ri hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.27#tac chob chi amac, quebolo chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.28#patac be calah chi quibe. are cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.29#ri balam quiꜩe, balam acab, ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.30#hucutah iqui balam xma calah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.31#e qo vi. are cut ta chiquil ria
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.32#mac chicovic pabe cate cut ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.33#queoc vloc ꜩam tac huyub, xaro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.34#quibal vtiu xapu roquibal yac.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.35#chico quibeh, xapuro qui bal coh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.36#balam chiquibano, ta chiquil ri a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.37#mac qui chubinic xa vtiu ricoquic y
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.38#xapu yac ri xa coh xa balam que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.39#cha cut riamac queheri ma vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.40#chuqux ri ronohel amac xa cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.41#michbal quech amac ta chiquiba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.42#no qo carah qui qux ri mana qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.43#ꜩih ta chixibin tarib chiquiba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.44#no qo cacah chire roquibal coh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.45#roquibal balam chicoquebeh ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.46#chi quil curi vinac xahun xaca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s1.47#ib chubinic chicah quimaih chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.1#qaech huta quih ta quevl chicut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.2#chiri chicochoch ruq quixoquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.3#xaviral vonon ral zital, xapu ral
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.4#acah cu cucaam chiquiyao chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.5#ch quixoquil hu ta quih. ta xebe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.6#chicut chuvach tohil aulix ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.7#caviꜩ xeqha cut chi qui qux. are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.8#ri tohil aulix hacaviꜩ xavqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.9#quel queh q,iquin cacaya chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.10#xa caziza caxiquin cachuc ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.11#ꜩonoh cacouil cachihilal chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.12#tohil aulix hacaviꜩ na quitah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.13#chicuchah qui camic ri amac xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.14#tahuhunal quecacamizah xeqh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.15#a chiquibil quib ta xebe cut chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.16#vach tohil aulix hacaviꜩ ta xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.17#ziz quixiquin qui chuc chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.18#cabauil xquivacuh ri qui qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.19#quel xquihic vcoc puchi ri a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.20#bah. macu quiꜩih ta chiabah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.21#chuxic queheri e huhun chi qa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.22#holab ta quevlic. xequi cot chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.23#chirech ri qui quiquel ahquixb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.24#ahcahb. taxpe chicut retal qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.25#banoh ri chi chaconisah quihe are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.26#icolbal ivib. chila xpe vi chi tu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.27#lan ta xoh icam vloc xevqhax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.28#cut taxya vloc ri q,um pa zili
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.29#zib vbi ruq quic choc chiquih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.30#qui hab rib riquic xuxic vyaon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.31#tohil ruq aulix x hacaviꜩ.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.32#Vae vticaric chic relecaxic vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.33#nac amac cumal balam quiꜩe, ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.34#lam acab mahucutah iqui balam.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.35#Cate puch vcamizaxic amac ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.36#are xquicam ri xa hun chubinic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.37#xa caib chubinic maui calah ta chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.38#qui camo cate cut ta chibe quipu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.39#zu chuvach tohil aulix cate cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.40#ta chiquiya quicpabe qolic vho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.41#lom chiquicoloba pabe queqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.42#cut ri amac balam mi xtiouic xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.43#queqha rumal queheri racan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.44#balam cacan ta chiquibano ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.45#vi chi qui cut quib. ꜩatꜩ chi amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.46#xquelecah cauna cut xuna
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f42s2.47#virib amac vve are ri tohil au
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.1#lix coc chique xa quecuꜩucuh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.2#ri ahquixb ahcahb. tal a qo vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.3#cochoch chicataqueh ri cacan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.4#xeqha cut conohel amac. ta x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.5#quicam qui naoh chi quibil quib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.6#cate cut xquitiquiba vtaquexic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.7#cacan ri ahquixb ahcahb ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.8#cu calah xaracan queh, xaracan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.9#balam chiquilo maui calah ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.10#can xma qovi calah vi are na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.11#be cacan ri xa qui pichquehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.12#ri cacan xa zachbal re cumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.13#maui calah quibe. xachivina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.14#quir zuꜩ, xa chivinaquir que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.15#cal hab, xapu chivinaquir xo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.16#col, xa chivinaquir muzmul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.17#hab chiquilo chiquivach amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.18#xacu chicoz qui qux chi quiꜩu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.19#cuxic ta chico cotah puac ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.20#mal nim vqoheic ri tohil aulix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.21#hacaviꜩ naht cut xquiban
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.22#chiri chuvi huyub. chu xiquin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.23#ri amac xquicamizah are ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.24#xvinaquir ri elequic echalami
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.25#cat ta chiquicam ri amac patac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.26#be chiquipuz chuvach ri tohil aulix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.27#hacaviꜩ xcolo cut qui qahol chiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.28#chuvi huiub. are tohil aulix haca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.29#viꜩ vxibchi qaholab quivachibal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.30#quebÿnic xa vnaval ri abah xqo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.31#he hun haa. are queatinvi chiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.32#chuchi ha xaqui cutbal quib xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.33#binaah cut chi ratinibal tohil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.34#vbi ha xuxic. qui a mul cut chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.35#quilo amac libah chi chiquiza
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.36#chix tah quib ta queilic rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.37#amac taxux tah vꜩihel ri eqovi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.38#ri balam quiꜩe balam acab, ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.39#hucutah iqui balam. arecu va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.40#vcamic vnaoh amac chire vca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.41#mizaxic tah.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.42#Nabe cut xrah qui naohih a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.43#mac vchaquic tohil avlix hacaviꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.44#xeqha ronohel vi ahquixb ahcahb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.45#chuvach amac xquehec quib xque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.46#toc pu quib conohel mahabi hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s1.47#chob cachob tachic xcanah chique
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.1#conohel xecuchu quib xetaco
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.2#pu quib taxcam qui naoh xeqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.3#cut ta xquiꜩonobeh quib na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.4#qui pa chicuchah quichaquic ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.5#cavec queche vinac rumal mi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.6#xquiz calcahol maui calah vza
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.7#chic vinac cumal vve coh qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.8#zic chi elecaxic ta chuxoc vve
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.9#are nim vꜫaꜫal ri tohil aulix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.10#hacaviꜩ areta cut ca cabauil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.11#ritohil chuxic chi canabih ta h
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.12#maui chuꜩinic cohquichaco ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.13#pa oh quia vinac chica coheic a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.14#re curi ca vec mauiharub chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.15#qoheic xeqhacut taxeponic cono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.16#hel xqha chic chahcar chiquech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.17#ri amac ta xeqhauic apachina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.18#rilo queatin chuchi ya huta quih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.19#vve are tohil aulix hacauiꜩ are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.20#ta quecachac na nabe chiri ta cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.21#chiticar vi qui chacatahic ri e ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.22#quixb e ahcahb xeqha chicut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.23#chahcar chic taxe qhauic. na qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.24#la cut chica chacbeh quech xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.25#qha chicut. areta ca chacbal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.26#quech chuxic rumal ri e qalolab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.27#quevachinic ta cai litah chia que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.28#beta cut e caib capohib are ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.29#ri quiꜩih chi e chaom eta zac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.30#locoh chi capohib chibe ta cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.31#quiraibal chire xeqha cut. vꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.32#bala xaba quecaꜩucuh eta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.33#caib chivtxilah tac capohib xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.34#qha cut ta xquiꜩucuh cut qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.35#meal. are ri qui ꜩih e zaquilah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.36#tac capohib ta xquipixabah cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.37#ri capohib quix bec ixcamial oh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.38#ichaha ri cul chi ya. vve cut taque
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.39#yvil ri eoxibqaholab chizono ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.40#cu yvib chiquivach, vvecut chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.41#rain qui qux chive quix cho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.42#co, cohopon ta chivih ta queqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.43#chivech. vve quixqha cut ta quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.44#ꜩonox cut apa quixpevi apa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.45#ahchoc mial ta que cha oh qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.46#mial ahauab quixqha cu chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f43s2.47#que chipe cu retal ivvmal ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.1#ta xeqhau chic chiquech ri xtah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.2#xpuch quibi re e caib capohib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.3#vꜩ chibec retal caꜩihivvq chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.4#uoyobeh na chiya apanoc chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.5#quech ahauab xevqhax cut ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.6#te puch qui naohinic chic ri ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.7#quixb, ahcahb xevqhax ri balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.8#quiꜩe, balam acab, mahucutah,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.9#iqui balam quixzibanoc oxib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.10#cul chiꜩibah retal iqoheic cho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.11#pon cuq amac chibe cuq re e caib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.12#capohib quechahonic chi ya vbic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.13#chique xevqhax cut balam qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.14#ꜩe, balam acab, mahucutah.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.15#Cate cut xezibanic coxichal na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.16#be xꜩiban ri balam quiꜩe. balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.17#vvachibal xuxic xuꜩibah chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.18#vach cul. are curi chi balam acab,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.19#cot chic vvachibal xuꜩibah chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.20#vach cul. ta xꜩiban chicuri ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.21#hucutah humah vonon humah zi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.22#tal vvachibal v ꜩib xuꜩibah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.23#chuvach cul. xuꜩin cut qui ꜩib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.24#coxichal oxbuzah xquiꜩibah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.25#cate cut ta xebe quiia cul ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.26#xtah xpuch quibi xeqha curi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.27#balam quiꜩe, balam acab, ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.28#hucutah vae retal iꜩih quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.29#oponic chiquivach ahauab qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.30#ꜩih xqhau ri tohil chiquech quix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.31#qha vae curetal xcacam vloc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.32#qui xqha chique chi qui cuuh cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.33#ri cal chiya chique xevqhax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.34#cut ri capohib ta xquipixabah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.35#vbic. ta xebe cut xcucaah vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.36#ri ꜩiban cul ta xeopon cut hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.37#zucu xequicot ri ahauab ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.38#xil qui vach xequel vca qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.39#ꜩonoxic ri capohib. ma xivil v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.40#vach ri tohil xevqhaxic xquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.41#bala xeqha curi xtah xpuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.42#vꜩ bala na qui pa retal xicam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.43#vloc ma qui ꜩih xeqhau ri a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.44#hauab queheri bari retal qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.45#macunic xquina ri ahauab. ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.46#xquiritah curi ꜩiban cul cumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f44s2.47#capohib. humah balam, humah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.1#cot humah naipuch vonon zital
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.2#v ꜩibal v pam cul chiyulinic vvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.3#ta xquiraih cut vvach cat xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.4#coh chiquih macuhabi xuban ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.5#balam vꜩibal nabe oc chirih aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.6#u ta xucoh chicut ahau ri vcab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.7#ꜩiban cul cot vꜩibal xa vꜩ xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.8#na ahau chupan xavi cazolouic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.9#chiquivach caꜩunon vcuxic chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.10#vach conohel taxoc chicut rox
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.11#ꜩibam cul chirih ahau areri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.12#vonon zital upam xucoh cu chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.13#rih cate puch ta xtÿc vtiohil ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.14#mal vonon zital maui xchihta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.15#hic mapu xcuyutah quitiobal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.16#chicop ta xuracuh cu vchi ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.17#rumal chicop xa ꜩibam qui va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.18#chibal chupan ꜫal vꜩib mahu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.19#cutah cu roxꜩib ta xechacatah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.20#vi cate puch quiiahic capohib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.21#ri rumal ahauab ri xtah xpu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.22#ch quibi naquipa chiculal ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.23#ivvcaam vloc apa xbe icama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.24#vi ix qaxtoq xevqhax ri capohib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.25#ta xeyahic quicha catahic chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.26#curi ronohel amac rumal tohil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.27#areta xcah xbeta quiibal ri to
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.28#hil chiquih xtah xpuch eta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.29#hoxol chec xevxic chuqux amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.30#tacchibal ta quexuxic, ma qu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.31#xbanatahic qui chacatahic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.32#rumal e naual vinac ri balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.33#quiꜩe balam acab mahucu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.34#tah. ta xenaohin chicut ronohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.35#amac naquipa que cuchah qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.36#ꜩih nim qui qoheic ta chuxoc xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.37#qhacut ta xquicuch chic qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.38#naoh xata quecoquibeh queca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.39#camizah chicavic quib chichab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.40#chi pocob mapa oh qui maha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.41#bi hun caibchic chicacanah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.42#chique xeqhacut ta xcam qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.43#naoh xa xuvic rib ronohel a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.44#mac ꜩaꜩ chica mizanel ta xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.45#molotahic ronohel amac eca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.46#mizanel arecut e qo ri balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s1.47#quiꜩe balam acab mahucutah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.1#iquibalam are e qo chuvi huyub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.2#hacaviꜩ vbi huyub eqovi xqo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.3#lo cut quiqahol chiri chuvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.4#huyub maui eta quia vinac ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.5#na quehe ta qui quial ri vquial
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.6#amac xa zcaquin uvi huyub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.7#quicatem, xacu qha ta xnaohix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.8#quicamizaxic rumal amac ta x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.9#quicuch quib conohel xepoponic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.10#xeta co quib conohel.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.11#Vae cute qui molouic quib co
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.12#nohel amac e cauutal chic chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.13#chab chipocob conohel maui a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.14#hilan chipu vac qui cauubal he
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.15#behoh quivachibal conohel aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.16#uab achihab quiꜩih banoh qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.17#ꜩih conohel quiꜩih conohel qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.18#ꜩih e calabil chuxic are curi to
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.19#hil are cabauil arepu chica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.20#quihila xereta chicacanabih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.21#xecha chiquibil quib xavi cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.22#caretamah ri tohil caquetama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.23#h naipu ri balam quiꜩe, balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.24#acab mahucutah caquitao ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.25#canaohixic rumal ma ha bi qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.26#varam qui yacalem ta xe cau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.27#tah cut ronohel cha ahlabal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.28#cate cut xeya catahic ronohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.29#ahlabal chacab tah xcoqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.30#beh chiquiqux ta xebec. ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.31#cu xeoponic xapabe xe varah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.32#vi conohel ri ahlabal cate pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.33#ch qui chacatahic chic cumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.34#ri balam quiꜩe balam acab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.35#mahucutah xa cu hun xevarah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.36#vi pabe mahabi chic xquina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.37#chi quib xequiz varic conohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.38#cate cu vticaric vmichic qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.39#mucu vach rumal ruq quizma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.40#chi ta xquir cur i puvac chi qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.41#cul ruq qui iach vach ruq puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.42#qui chachal are curi vcul qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.43#chami xere xquicam ri puvac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.44#cahizabal qui vach xa pu mich
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.45#bal quech xbanic retal vni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.46#mal queche vinac cate puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f45s2.47#xeqastahic huzu xquichapala
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.1#qui i ach vach ruq cu ruq v cul qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.2#chami mahabi chi puvac chi cul ruq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.3#qui yach vach na qui pa mi xoh ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.4#movic aon chinac mi xoh micho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.5#uic apa mi xpe vi mi xelecan ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.6#puvac xeqha cut conohel ah la
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.7#bal are laiba ri lo e qaxtoq que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.8#elecan vinac macu chuꜩinic chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.9#caxibih ta quib chique qui vi chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.10#coquibeh quitinamit xavi xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.11#re chiquil vvach ri ca puvac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.12#chicaban quech xeqhacut cono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.13#hel amac xa vi xere banoh ꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.14#conohel. xavi cu cubul qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.15#qux ri ah quixb ah cahb e qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.16#chuvi huyub xaui xere nima na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.17#oh caquibano ri balam quiꜩe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.18#balam acab mahucutah iqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.19#balam ta xenaohin cut balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.20#quiꜩe balam acab mahucutah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.21#iqui balam xquiban coxtun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.22#chuchi qui tinamit xa ꜩalam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.23#xa chut xchiquehbeh rih qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.24#tinamit cate xquiban ri poy
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.25#queheri vinac xuxic cumal ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.26#te xquichol chiri chuui coxtun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.27#xavi xere qo qui pocob qo pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.28#qui chab xecauxic xoc ri iach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.29#vach puvac paquivi xoc pucu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.30#xa poy xapu ahamche xcohou
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.31#ri puvac rech amac ri xbe qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.32#cama pa be are xucauubeh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.33#poy cumal xecotcomihic chirih tina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.34#mit cate puch ta xquiꜩonoh chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.35#naoh chirech tohil ve qoh camic ve
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.36#puch cohchacatahic xeqhaxoc qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.37#qux chuvach ri tohil mi xbizonic in
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.38#qolic are cut chicoh va chiquech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.39#mi xibih ivib xeuqhax ri balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.40#quiꜩe balam acab, mahucutah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.41#iqui balam ta xya vloc ri vonon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.42#zital are cut xbe qui cama cu ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.43#am ta xepetic cate xquiyao chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.44#pam cahib nimac cocob cahib x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.45#qohe vi chirih tinamit xquiꜩa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.46#pih vi ri vonon zital chupan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s1.47#cocob are culelabal rech amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.1#cumal xenicvachix cut xe muc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.2#cheex puch xnicox qui tinamit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.3#rumal vzamahel amac maui e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.4#harub xeqha cut xere cut xul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.5#quila ri poy ahamche quezilaheic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.6#cu calaon qui chab qui pocob qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.7#ꜩih vinac quevachinic quiꜩih chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.8#e camizanel quevachinic ta xquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.9#amac quequicot cut ronohel a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.10#mac mavi hanic xquilo ꜩaꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.11#ri amac chuqoheic maui ahilan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.12#chivinac e ah labal e pu camiza
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.13#nel e camizai rech ri balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.14#quiꜩe balam acab mahuqutah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.15#are qo chuvi huyub hacaviꜩ vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.16#e qo vi are cut coquibexic va xchi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.17#cabÿh chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.18#Are cut e qo chiri balam quiꜩe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.19#balam acab mahucutah iqui ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.20#lam xa hun e qo vi chuvi huyub ruq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.21#quixoquil calcual ta xepe cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.22#ronohel ah labal e camizanel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.23#mavi xa cachui oxchui chi amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.24#xcotcomih chirih tinamit queo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.25#minic e viquitalic chi chab chi po
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.26#cob chiquicozih qui chi, quelulu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.27#tic quechaninic chi ominic qui iu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.28#iub qui xulcab ta xeoc chuxe ti
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.29#namit macu habi caquixibih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.30#quib ri ahquixb ahcahb xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.31#quecai vloc chuchi coxtum e cho
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.32#lon vloc ruq quixoquil calcual
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.33#xa cul qui qux banoh cu zui ꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.34#ri amac ta xe acan cut chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.35#huyub xa cu zcaquin chic ma vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.36#queꜩaconic chuchi tinamit cate
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.37#puch ta xhac v vi ri cocob cahib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.38#qo vi chi tinamit ta xeel curi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.39#vonon zital queheri zib ta xel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.40#chupam ri huhun chi cocob cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.41#ꜩin curi ahlabal rumal chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.42#cop tacatoh chu bac qui vach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.43#ta catoh puch chi qui ꜩam chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.44#qui chi chicacan, chiqui cab a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.45#qo vi xchibe quichapa aon qo vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.46#xchibe quimaha ronohel qo vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f46s2.47#vonon zital. tacatoh chutio ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.1#vbac vvach xchiquilih chubuchu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.2#he tac chicop chirih ri huhun chivi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.3#nac xecabaric rumal vonon zital
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.4#maui xchapatah chic qui chab qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.5#pocob quevon coyeheic chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.6#tac vleu quelahahic xecahic chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.7#vach huyub are cut maui caqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.8#na chic ta xecac chi chab xechoi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.9#chi icah xa bolah che xquicoh chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.10#balam quiꜩe balam acab, xoc qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.11#xoquil e camizanel xaui cu xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.12#ꜩalih ri chahcar chic xa xel chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.13#chi cacan ronohel amac are xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.14#ric qui nabe xevꜩinic xecamiza
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.15#xic mana xa zcaquin chi vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.16#xcamic maui are xcam vi ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.17#xquiꜩaih chi qui qux xa cu chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.18#cop xoc chique mana cula achi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.19#hilal tah xquibano maui chab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.20#maui pocob tah xecam vi ta xeyo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.21#cotahic ronohel amac xa cu xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.22#elah chic ri amac chiquivach ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.23#balam quiꜩe balam acab mahucu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.24#tah tocob cavach mata cohcamic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.25#xeqha vꜩbala xa xix vi camel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.26#chuxic ix ahpatan chibe quih chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.27#be zac xevqhaxic quehe cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.28#vchacatahic ronohel amac ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.29#cumal ca nabe chuch cahau chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.30#ri xban vi chuvi huyub hacaviꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.31#vbinaam vcamic. are nabe xeti
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.32#que vi chiri xepoc vi xequiritah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.33#vi xemialanic xeqaholanic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.34#chuvi hacaviꜩ. quequicot chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.35#ta xquichaco ronohel amac chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.36#ri chacatahinac vi chuvi huyub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.37#quehe cut xquiban ri xquichac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.38#na amac ronohel amac. cate cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.39#xcube qui qux xe ꜩihon chire qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.40#qahol xnacahoc quecamoc ta qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.41#xerah camizaxic. are chic vi x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.42#chicabÿh chic qui camic balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.43#quiꜩe balam acab, mahucutah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.44#iqui balam qui bi.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.45#Xquina cut qui camic qui zachic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.46#ta xepixabic chirech qui qahol ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s1.47#na eta iab mapu quehilovic que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.1#polou tah ta xcanah qui ꜩih chire
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.2#qui qahol are quibi qui qahol va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.3#ecaib xuqaholah balam quiꜩe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.4#qocaib vbi nabe al qocavib chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.5#vbi vcab al vqahol balam quiꜩe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.6#vmam vqahau caviquib. e chi vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.7#cu caib chic xuqaholah balam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.8#acab are qui bi va qoacul, vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.9#vnabe vqahol, qoacutec chucha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.10#x chic vcab vqahol balam a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.11#cab, rech nihaibab. xacu hun xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.12#qaholah mahucutah qoahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.13#vbi. e oxib xeqaholanic maha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.14#bi vqahol ri iqui balam. qui ꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.15#ah quixb ahcahb: are cut quibi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.16#qui qahol ri. are xquipixabeh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.17#canoc xa hun e qo vi qui cahichal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.18#xebixanic chicatat qui qux choc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.19#pu qui qux chupan quibixic camu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.20#cu vbi quibix xquibixah. ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.21#xepixab cut chire qui qahol ix
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.22#ca qahol cohbec cohzalih puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.23#zaquil ꜩih zaquil pixab capixab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.24#chiue micu xixul cacanaht
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.25#chihuyubal ix quixoquil xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.26#qha chire quixoquil chiqui huhu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.27#nal xepixabic cohbe chi camac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.28#cholan chic cahaual queh leman chicah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.29#xaꜩalihem xchicabano mi xbana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.30#tahic capatan mi xꜩacat caquih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.31#cohina cut moh izacho mohi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.32#mezcutah puch chivilna ivoch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.33#och ihuiubal puch quixtique
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.34#vi ta chuxoc. quixbe cut chibe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.35#ivila chic xohpe vi xqha cu qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.36#ꜩih ta xepixabic ta xcanah cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.37#retal vqoheic ri balam quiꜩe are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.38#i ta nabal vech va xchincanah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.39#ivvq are i ꜫaꜫal vae mi xnupi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.40#xabah xnubizoh xqha cut ta xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.41#canah ri retal vqoheic pizom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.42#ꜫaꜫal chuchaxic maui calah v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.43#vach xa vi qui pizlic xma quiron
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.44#vi maui calah ꜩizbal re rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.45#mahi xilovic ta xpizic quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.46#cut qui pixabic ri ta xezach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f47s2.47#cut chiri chuvi huyub hacaviꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.1#mana xemuctah rumal quixoquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.2#calcual maui calah qui zachic taxe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.3#zachic xere calah ri quipu xabic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.4#loe curi pizom chiquech xuxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.5#are natabal rech qui cahau xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.6#huzu xecaton chuvach qui na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.7#ba bal rech quicahau  xehuzu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.8#xecaton chuvach quinababal rech
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.9#qui cahau . areta xvinaquir vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.10#vinac cumal ahauab ta xecambe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.11#chirih balam quiꜩe ticarinac vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.12#v mam vcahau caviquib xmacui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.13#cut xquizach vi ri vqahol ri co
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.14#caib qo cavib qui bi quehecut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.15#qui camic ri quicahichal ena be
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.16#camam ca cahau tax ezachic tax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.17#canah chic qui qahol chiri chuvihu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.18#yub hacaviꜩ xeyaluh chi vi qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.19#qahol chiri. cahinac chic yocota
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.20#hinac chipuch qui quih conohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.21#amac mahabi chic qui ꜫaꜫal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.22#xaqui eco chic xaui cucaam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.23#quib conohel hutaquih. chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.24#nabah qui cahau nim vquih ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.25#pizom chique maui chiquiquicro1
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.26#xaui pizl chiri cuq. pizom ea
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.27#eal chuqhaxic cumal taxcobic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.28#xbinaah puch quicuun xya
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.29#canoc rumal qui cahau ya re
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.30#tal qui quiqoheic ta xquibano
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.31#quehe cu qui zachic qui maixic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.32#balam quiꜩe balamacab,  ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.33#hucutah  iquibalam . enabe vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.34#nac xepe chila chaca palo chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.35#relebalquih oher oc quevl
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.36#varal taxecamic erih chic e
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.37#ahquixb ahcahb quibinaam.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.38#Cate puch taxquiquxlaah qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.39#bÿc chila relebal quih are qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.40#quxlaan ri vpixab qui cahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.41#maui xquizacho xoheroc que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.42#camoc qui cahau xya quixoquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.43#amac xquihiah ta xechoco ixoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.44#e oxib xeqha cut ta xebec cohbe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.45#chila relebal quih. chila x epe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.46#vicacahau xeqha taxquicam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s1.47#quibe eoxib chi qaholaxel co
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.1#caib vbihun vqahol balamqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.2#ꜩe rech ronohel coaui quib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.3#coacutec vbi vqahol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.4#acab xarechnihaibab coaha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.5#u vbi hun chic vqahol mahu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.6#cutah rech ahau quiche. are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.7#cu quibiri xebe chila chaca pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.8#lo eoxib ta xebec xavi qo qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.9#naoh qopu quetamabal ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.10#na xa et vinac qui qoheic xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.11#pixabah canoc ronohel caꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.12#qui chac quequicotic xebec ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.13#ui cohcamic cohvlic xeqha ia
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.14#taxebec eoxib xaui xere xeico
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.15#uic chuvi palo ta xeoponcut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.16#chila relebal quih taxbe qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.17#cama ri ahauarem. are cu v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.18#biahau va rahaual ahrele
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.19#bal quih xeoponvi.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.20#Ta xeopon cut chuvach ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.21#nacxit vbi nim ahau xahu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.22#catol ꜩih ꜩaꜩ rahauarem are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.23#cut xyau vloc retal ahauarem
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.24#ronohel vvachinel ta xpetic re
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.25#tal ahpopol, ahpop camhail ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.26#xpe cut retal vꜫaꜫal rahaua
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.27#rem puch ahpop ahpop camha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.28#xquiz vya vloc nacxit vvachi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.29#nel rahauarem aretac vbi va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.30#muh ealibah zubac chamcham
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.31#tatil canabah ꜩicvil cohꜩicuil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.32#balam holom pich queh macu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.33#tax tot tatam quz buz caxcon
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.34#chiyom aztapulul ronohel cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.35#quecaam ri xepetic taxquica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.36#vlari chaca palo vꜩibal tulan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.37#vꜩibal xeqha chire qui oqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.38#nac chupan chupan quiꜩih.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.39#Cate puch ta xevlic chiri chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.40#ui quitinamit hacaviꜩ vbi chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.41#ricut xecuch vi ronohel tam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.42#ubilocab xecuchu quib rono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.43#hel amac xequicotic taxevlic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.44#co caib coacutec cahau xaui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.45#chiri chic xquicam vi cahaua
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.46#rem amac xequicotic e rabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f48s2.47#naleb, e ꜫaꜫchequeleb, ahq,i
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.1#quinaha xe tal xcutun chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.2#vach ri vnimal ahauarem nim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.3#chic qui qoheic chuxic amac ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.4#nabe xquiz taquicut cahauarem
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.5#are eqo chiri hacaviꜩ xaqo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.6#cuq ronohel ri xpe relebal quih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.7#naht chicut xquiban chiri chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.8#ui huyub equichic chiconohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.9#chiricut xecam vi quixoquil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.10#balam quiꜩe, balam acab, ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.11#hucutah ta xepetic xcocotah chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.12#canoc ri qui huyub al. hunchi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.13#huyub xquiꜩucuh are que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.14#tique vi maui ahilam huyub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.15#xetique vi ta xecobic ta xebina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.16#ah puch chire ri xemolomanic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.17#xechihomanic e nabe cachuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.18#enabe cacahau xeqha oher
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.19#tacvinac taxquiꜩihoh taxqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.20#toloba pu canahoc nabe quitinamit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.21#hacaviꜩ vbi taxeul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.22#chicuchiri xquitiquilibeh chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.23#huntinamit chiquix vbi naht
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.24#chi xquiban chiri chuvi hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.25#chob tinamit quemialanic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.26#queqaholanic puch chiri que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.27#ecotac vi aretac cahi huyub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.28#va xahun xchoc vi vbiri qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.29#tinamit. xquiculuba qui mial
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.30#qui qahol xa qui chiquizipah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.31#xatocobanic xapu maihanic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.32#chiquibano rahil quimial chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.33#quicamo xa vꜩ qui qoheic x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.34#quibano. ta xeico chiri chuvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.35#hutac chob chitinamit. va tac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.36#vbi e chiquix, chiq uchac, hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.37#metaha, culba, cavinal, vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.38#huyub xeyaluh vi arecut ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.39#quinic vachih ri huyub qui ti
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.40#namit puch vlah huyub ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.41#quiꜩucuh ecaquichic chico
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.42#nohel xacu caminac oc ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.43#camol ahauarem relebal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.44#quih e mamaxel chic xevl
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.45#chiri chuvi hun2 tinamit ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.46#naxucam quivach rixeico
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s1.47#vi hetac vivloc caxcolrail
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.1#xquibano cavnaht xquiric vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.2#quitinamit emamexel epu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.3#cahauixel va cu vbi tinamit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.4#e xevl vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.5#Chiizmachi cut vbihuyub qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.6#tinamit xeqohe vi chinaipuchxe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.7#amaquelab vi chiri cut xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.8#tihvi ꜫaꜫal xcah quichun qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.9#zahcab chucahle oc ahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.10#xeqha curi conache xube heb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.11#queh ruqpuch ealelahau ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.12#xahauar cutahau cotuha ruq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.13#iztayul quibi ahpop ahpopcam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.14#ha xe ahauar chiri chiizmachi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.15#vꜩilah tinamit xuxic xquibano
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.16#xacu oxib ri nimha xux chiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.17#chiizmachi mahabioc rÿ huvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.18#nac cahib chi nimha. caoxib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.19#oc quinimha xahun vnimha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.20#cauiquib xacuhun nimha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.21#chu vach nihaibab xanaipu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.22#hun rech ahau quiche xaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.23#caib chinimha ri cachob chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.24#chinamit are eqo chiizmachi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.25#xahunqui qux mahabi qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.26#ꜩelal mapuhabi qui cayeual
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.27#lianic ahauarem mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.28#qui qhaoh quiyuhuh puch xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.29#zac xa amac qo chiqui qux ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.30#habi moxvachinic mapu habi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.31#ꜫaꜫvachinic xquibano ca chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.32#tinoc quiꜫaꜫal maha quica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.33#nucmaihoc mahapu ca nimar
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.34#oc. taxquitihcut xquicouizah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.35#pocob chiri chiizmachi xretal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.36#cut cahauarem ri taxquiba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.37#no xretal qui ꜫaꜫal retal na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.38#ipuquinimal taxilcut rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.39#ilocab ta xvinaquir labal ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.40#malilocab xrahvl camiza x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.41#oc rÿ ahau cotuhu, xacu hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.42#ahau xrah cuquib areri a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.43#hau ztayul xrah quitihoh x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.44#rah tihoxcumal ilocab chica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.45#mizanic macuxel aponoc qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.46#moxvachibal chirihahau co
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f49s2.47#tuha xaciquih xcah vi ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.1#nabe xcam tari ahau rumal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.2#ilocab quehe cut vxenahic yuhuh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.3#chaquimal labal puch xcoquibeh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.4#nabe tinamit xebec e camizanel a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.5#retacu xcah rizach tavvach quiche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.6#xata quituquel xahauaric chiqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.7#qux xacuare xevl camoc xetele
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.8#cheexic xecanabix puch mauiha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.9#rub chicxcolotah chique taxti
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.10#quer cut puzunic xepuz ri ilocab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.11#chuvach cabauil are chic tohbal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.12#quimac xuxic rumal ahau cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.13#tuha qui chicut xocchi munil xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.14#alabilaxic xevinaquix puch xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.15#xbe qui ya quib chichaquix ru
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.16#mal quinucbal labal chirih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.17#ahau, chirih zivan tinamit x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.18#maixic xcutuxta vvach, raha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.19#ual quiche xrah quiqux macu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.20#xbanatahic. quehecut vvina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.21#quiric vpuzic vinac chu va ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.22#bauil taxban ri pocob labal v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.23#xe taxticaric vpocobaxic tina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.24#mit chiizmachi chila xticarvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.25#vxenahic ꜫaꜫal rumal ri xax
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.26#nim vi rahauarem quiche ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.27#humah enaual ahauab xma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.28#qo vi qui yocotah vi xmaqoui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.29#alachinac choc chique xaviba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.30#nol rech nimal ahauarem chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.31#ri xenahinac vi chiizmachi chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.32#rixnimarvi v quixic cabauil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.33#chixibin chic xuxibih pu rib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.34#ronohel amac chuti amac nima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.35#amac xquivachih roquic tele
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.36#che vinac xquipuzu xquicami
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.37#zah rumal qui ꜫaꜫal quitepe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.38#ual ri ahau cotuha aha zta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.39#yul ruq nihaibab ahau quiche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.40#xa oxchob chi chinamit xqohe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.41#chiri chiizmachi vbi tinamit ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.42#chiri chinaipuch xquitiquiba vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.43#vaim vcaha chirech qui mial
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.44#taxquiziih vloc. are qui cuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.45#bal quib ri oxib chinimha v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.46#bi cumal chiricut chicucah vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s1.47#cuquiya chiripuch chiquiveeh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.1#vi qui va rahil canab rahil pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.2#mial xa quicotem chi qui qux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.3#ta xquibano xevaic xeecha chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.4#pam qui nimha xacacomouabal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.5#xapu ca pacubal chirech quetal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.6#caꜩihel retal caꜩih chuvi ixoc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.7#al achihal xeqha chila xcobvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.8#vloc chila puch xquibÿh vi qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.9#chinamit quib vucamac quib qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.10#ticpan quib cuculel quib ohca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.11#ui quib ohnihaib, ohpu ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.12#quiche xeqha eoxib chinamit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.13#oxibpuch nimha. naht cut xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.14#ban chiri chiizmachi taxqui ric
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.15#chic taxquil puch hunchic tina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.16#mit xcocotah chivi ri chiizmachi.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.17#Catepuch taxeyacatah chivl
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.18#oc xevlchiri patinamit cumarca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.19#ah vbi cumal quiche chuqha xic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.20#taxevl chic ahauab cotuha ruq
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.21#cucumaꜩ ruq puchronohel aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.22#uab xroquexoc xroleapuch vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.23#nac vxe zac vxe qazlem chiri1
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.24#cut qui xquiban vi cuchoch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.25#chiri naipuch xquiban vi roch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.26#och cabauil chu nicahal vvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.27#tinamit xquiy avi taxevlic ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.28#xquitiquilibeh puch catepuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.29#vnimaric chic cahauarem e qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.30#chic epuꜩaꜩ chic ta xquinao
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.31#hih chic quiniha xemoloxic xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.32#ha chahox puch rumal xvinaquir
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.33#quix quichaoh xeꜫacvachin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.34#chiquib chuvi rahil canab ra
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.35#hil quimial rumal xa maui chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.36#ꜩacon cuquia chiquivach are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.37#chicut vxe chic quihachouic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.38#quib ta xqui ꜩol bac vholom ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.39#minac xquicacbeh quib taxqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.40#pax ri beletacl chi chinamit x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.41#banom oc vqhaohil anam mial
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.42#taxban vnaohixic ahauarem
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.43#huvinac cahib chinim ha xuxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.44#xoheroc quevlic conohel chiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.45#chuvi qui tinamit ta xe ꜩacat hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.46#vinac c ahib nimha chiri pa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f50s2.47#tinamit cumarcaah xuꜩirizaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.1#rumal Sor. obispo ri ca xtole can
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.2#oc. xeꜫaꜫar chiri xnuc maihi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.3#nac oc qui tem qui chacat ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.4#chaꜩox qui vach hu tac vi chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.5#ꜫaꜫ huhun chi ahauab beleheb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.6#tac chi chinamit x rib be
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.7#leheb chiahauab belehe tac chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.8#chinamit xucola rib beleheb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.9#chi ahauab caviquib.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.10#beleheb chiahauab nihaibab.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.11#cahichiahauab. ahau quiche+
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.12#quia tac xuxic qui chinai puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.13#chirih huhun ahauab. xavnabe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.14#ri qochivi ralvqahol. ꜩaꜩ ꜩaꜩ v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.15#chinamital huhun chiahauab chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.16#cabÿh quibi riahauab chuhu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.17#hunal huhun vnim ha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.18#Vae cute quibi ahauab chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.19#vach caui quib are nabe ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.20#va, ahpop ahpop camha, ah to
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.21#hil, ah cueumaꜩ, nim chocoh ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.22#vec, popol vinac, chituy lolmet,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.23#queh nay. popol vinac, pahom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.24#ꜩalaꜩ, vchuch cam ha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.25#Are cut ahauab ri chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.26#caviquib beleheb chi ahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.27#colehe vnimha chuhuhunal ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.28#te chic chivachin v vach.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.29#Are chicu ahavab va chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.30#vach nihaibab are nabe aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.31#u va ahau ealel, ahau ahꜩic vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.32#nac, cale camha, nima camha, v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.33#chuch camha, nimchocoh nihaib,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.34#aulix, yacolatam, vꜩam pop
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.35#zaclatol, nima lolmet yeoltux.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.36#beleheb cut chi ahauab chuva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.37#ch nihaibab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.38#Are chicut ahau quiche va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.39#vae quibi ahauab. ahꜩic vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.40#ahau lolmet, ahau nim chocoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.41#ahau, ahau hacaviꜩ. cahib a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.42#hauab chuvach ahau quiche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.43#eb colehe vnim ha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.44#Ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.45#ca quiquib auab ꜩutuha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.46#'zaquic xahun chi nim ha ecaib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s1.47#chiahauab.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.1#Quehe cut xꜩacat vi huvinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.2#cahib chiahauab, huvinac cahib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.3#naipuch chi nimha xuxuxic ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.4#xnimaric ꜫaꜫal tepeual paqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.5#che taxꜫaꜫaric ta xtepeuaric v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.6#nimal ralal quiche. ta xchuna
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.7#xic taxzahcabix puch zivan tina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.8#mit xul chutiamac nima amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.9#cocut vbi ahau. xnimarizan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.10#quiche taxvinaquiric ꜫaꜫalte
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.11#peval taxvinaquiric rochoch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.12#cabauil cochoch naipu ahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.13#manaipu are are xebanouic ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.14#ui xechacuntah mapu xqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.15#banta cochoch manaipu xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.16#taxquiban rochoch qui cabauil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.17#xarumal xequiric cal quiqa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.18#hol. mana xaquibochi xatapu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.19#quelec qui cupun ta puch qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.20#ꜩih vi chiquech ahauab chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.21#quihuhunal ꜩaꜩ naipuch caꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.22#qui chac xuxic xmolomoxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.23#vqoheic xmolomox naipuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.24#vtabal ꜩih hunchi ahauab qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.25#ꜩihvi chi eloe quiꜩihpuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.26#chinim qui ealem ahauab ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.27#matalic xouatal puchvquih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.28#ralaxic ahauab rumal ral v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.29#qahol. taxqiuaric ahzivan, ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.30#tinamit ruq naipuch. mana
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.31#xata qui quehexul quiyaquib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.32#ronohel amac ca labal cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.33#xcahvi vzivan vtinamit ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.34#rumal qui naual ahauab xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.35#ꜫaꜫaric rÿ ahau cucumaꜩ a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.36#hau cotuha quiꜩih chinaual a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.37#hau ri cucumaꜩ xuxic hu vvc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.38#chacan chicah huvvc cut chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.39#be vbana cahoc chi xibalba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.40#huvvc chicut chiqohe chicu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.41#maꜩil quiꜩih chi cumaꜩ chuxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.42#huvvc chinaipuch chuba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.43#no chi cotal huvvc c chi ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.44#lamil quiꜩih vi chi cot chi ba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.45#lam v vachibal chuxic huvvc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.46#chic chiremeic chiquiquel vtu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f51s2.47#quel remanic quic chuxic qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.1#ꜩih chi naual ahau vqoheic xibi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.2#xib chuvach rumal ronohel aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.3#uab xpaxin rib vtaic xuta rono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.4#hel ahauab amac vqoheic naual
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.5#ahau arecut vticaric, vnima
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.6#ric puch quiche ta xuban ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.7#cucumaꜩ retal nimal xmaza
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.8#chel vvach vmam vqahol chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.9#qux. mahabi atala xban viri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.10#xqohe ta hun ahau naual ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.11#vqoheic xayocbal rech rono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.12#hel amac ta xubano, xavcut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.13#bal rib rumal xere huquizic v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.14#holom amac xuxic vcah le a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.15#hau rinaual ahau cucumaꜩ
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.16#vbi xavi xareahpop ahpop
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.17#camha xcanah chicut que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.18#tal quiꜩihel xeꜫaꜫaric xetepe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.19#var chic puch taxeqaholan chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.20#cut caqui qahol cut ꜩaꜩ chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.21#xubano xqaholaxri tepepul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.22#ztayul xaqui ahauarem xu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.23#bano role ahau xuxic xaui xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.24#qaholanic hutac le chiahauab.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.25#Va chicute quibÿ chic vvac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.26#le ahau e caib chinimac aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.27#uab eꜫaꜫ quicab vbi hun ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.28#cavizimah vbi hun chic. are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.29#cut ꜩaꜩ chic xuban ri qui cab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.30#cauizimah. are chi xnimarizan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.31#quiche rumal quiꜩih naual v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.32#qoheic are cahouic arepuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.33#xpaxinic vzivan vtina mit chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.34#ti amac nimaamac nacah tac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.35#vxol qovi tinamit oher are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.36#vhuyubal ꜫaꜫchequeleb ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.37#chuuila vacamic vhuyubal chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.38#naipu rabinaleb ri pamaca v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.39#huyub cu caoqueb rizacabaha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.40#vtinamit chicut zaculeuab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.41#chuvi miquina, xelahu, chuva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.42#ꜩac ruq ꜩolohche. are xrixo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.43#uah quieab xuban labal qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.44#ꜩih vi xcahic xpaxic vzivan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.45#vtinamit rabinaleb ꜫaꜫche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.46#queleb zaculeuab xuleic, x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s1.47#pacaic ronohelamac, ca xto
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.1#que chinaht vcamiza quicab huchob
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.2#cachob tachic maui cu can vpatan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.3#chirech ronohel xcah vtimamit xucam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.4#vpatan chuvach quicab cauizimah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.5#xeoc chi munil xeloꜩic xecacquic chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.6#che mahabi qui quih mahabi calaxic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.7#xuxic xa qha mi xqohe paxibal tina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.8#mit huzu chi hixtahic vchi vleu que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.9#heri chi cozin caculha chupaxih a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.10#bah chixibinic libahchi chelah a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.11#mac chuvach colche retal tinamit
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.12#rumal vacamic hunhuyub abah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.13#xzcaquin chic maui xcatatahic que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.14#heri xchoi chiicah rumal chila
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.15#qovi patacah petatayub vbi ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.16#lah vacamic caril ronohel vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.17#queico vi retal rachihilal qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.18#cab. mahabi xcam vi mapu ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.19#bi xchacatah vi quiꜩih vi chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.20#achih xucam cut vpatan rono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.21#hel amac, taxenaohim cut aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.22#uab conohel taxbec catei rih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.23#zivan rih tinamit xcahinac ocv
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.24#tinamit ronohel amac.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.25#Catecut ta relic varanel ilol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.26#ahlabal ta xquiba cut vvachinel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.27#chinamit lacabei huyub ve chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.28#pe chic ta chul vlacabeh v tina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.29#mit amac xecha ta xqui cuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.30#quinaoh conohel ahauab taxel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.31#qui vaban queheri caquehoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.32#quehe pu caca chinamit quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.33#naipuch caꜩalam ca co xtun chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.34#xic are chic coyoual cachihilal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.35#ta qhux oc xeqha conohel aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.36#uab ta xeelic vvaban huhun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.37#chi chinamit culelaai rech ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.38#labal. taxepixabax cut ta xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.39#be puch vaban lacabei vhuyu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.40#bal amac chibec rumal ca hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.41#yubal chic mi xibihivib v ve
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.42#qo chic ah labal chulchic ivvq ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.43#camizai ive anim chul ibÿh chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.44#be nu  camizah xqhacut quicab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.45#chiquech, ta xepixabaxic cono
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.46#hel vach ruq ealelaꜩih vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f52s2.47#ta xbeiheic ri vchi qha, vchi cam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.1#chuqhaxic taxpaxin rib vmamvca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.2#hau ri ronohel queche vinac qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.3#pa huhun chi huyub xaqhahal hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.4#yub xa pu qhahal qha caam qhah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.5#al labal puch ta xbec mana hunta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.6#zaquir vi manaipuch hunta vcaba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.7#uil, xa catei rih tinamit. ta xeelic ro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.8#nohel ah vvila ah chulimal zaqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.9#ya, xahbaquieh, chi temah, vahxa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.10#lahuh ruq chic ah cabracan cabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.11#cac chihunahpu ruq ah maca, ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.12#xayabah, ah zac cabaha, ah ziyaha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.13#ahmiquina ah xelahuh tacahal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.14#huyub rixelic varai labal cha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.15#hal vleu ta xbec rumal qui cab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.16#cauizimah ahpop ahpop camha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.17#ealel ahꜩic vinac ecahib chi a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.18#hauab xetaconic xevaran puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.19#ah labal quicab cavizimah vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.20#ahau chuvach caviquib e caib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.21#queema vbi ahau chu vach niha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.22#ib, achac iboy cut vbi ahau chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.23#vach ahau quiche are cut qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.24#bi ahau ri xetacouic xezama
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.25#helan puch taxebec cal qui qa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.26#hol pahuyub pahuhun chi huyub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.27#xbena cu nabe xulna canab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.28#xulna pu teleche chuvach quicab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.29#cauizimah ealel ah ꜩic vina x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.30#quiban chivi labal ri vchi qha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.31#vchi caam, xecanab chic xetele
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.32#cheen chic ꜫaꜫhih xevx chic ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.33#e vaban xe yaic xequiar cut qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.34#chicut qui quxlal cumal ahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.35#tachul qui ya quicanab qui tele
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.36#che ronohel catecut ta xcuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.37#naoh cumal ahauab ahpop ahpop
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.38#camha ealel ahꜩic vinac taxel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.39#cunaoh xa cachapa quinabe chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.40#qohe ta que calem vachin el chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.41#namit choc vi inahpop in ahpop
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.42#camha ahpop chire caleh ve choc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.43#chicu aue at ahau ealel ealel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.44#ri calem xchuxic xeqhacut ro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.45#nohel ahauab taxcam quinaoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.46#xavi cu quehe xubano tamub, i
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s1.47#locab hunam vach ox chob chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.1#quiche ta xban chaponic xquicobi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.2#zah vnabe cal quiqahol quehe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.3#cut vcamic naoh macu chiri x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.4#chapvi quiche qo vbi huyub x
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.5#chap vi vnabe al qahol. ta xetac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.6#cut runohel qo pa huhun chihu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.7#yub xa hun xecuchvi.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.8#Xebalax, xecamac vbi huyub
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.9#xechap vi taxoc qui calem chiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.10#chulimal xbanvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.11#Va cute qui cobic qui chapic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.12#quetaxic puch huvinac ealel hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.13#vinac ahpop xchapic rumal ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.14#pop ahpop camha rumal puch ea
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.15#lel ah ꜩic vinac xoc queealem ro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.16#nohel ealel ahpop hulahuh nim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.17#chocoh ealel ahau ealel zaquic, v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.18#ealel achih, rahpop achih, rahꜩa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.19#lam achih, vꜩam achih, quibi a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.20#chihab xoquic taxecobic xebina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.21#ah puch chuvi qui tem chuvi qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.22#chacat e vnabe ral vqahol que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.23#che vinac ilol rech taol rech v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.24#chi qha, vchi caam quehoh ꜩapib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.25#ꜩalam coxtum chirih quiche. xaui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.26#cu quehe xubano tamubilocab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.27#xuqhapo xucobizah puch vnabe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.28#ral vqahol qopa huhun chi huyub.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.29#are cut, vxenahic ealel ahpop ré
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.30#ealem pahuhun chi huyub vacamic.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.31#quehe relic ri ta xeelic chirih ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.32#pop ahpop camha chirih puchca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.33#lel ahꜩicvinac xelvi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.34#Arecut xchicabÿhchic vbiro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.35#choch cabauil xavi xere xubi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.36#naah rochoch ri vbi cabauil ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.37#mac ꜩac tohil vbi ꜩac rochoch to
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.38#hil rech cauiquib avlix cut vbi ꜩac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.39#rochoch aulix rech nihaibab. haca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.40#viꜩ chi cut vbi ꜩac rochoch vcabauil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.41#ahau quiche. ꜩutuha quilna cahba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.42#ha vbichic. nimac ꜩac xqoheri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.43#abah xquihiloxic rumal ahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.44#quiche quihilox puch rumal ro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.45#nohel amac choc na vcatoh amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.46#nabe chuvach ri tohil cate cut tachu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f53s2.47#quihila chic ahpop ahpop camha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.1#cate chul quiya qui cuc quipatan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.2#chuvach ahau. are ahau chic arechi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.3#puch qui ꜩucun quicoon ahpop ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.4#pop camha xcazan quitinamit eni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.5#ma ahauab enaual tac vinac na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.6#ual ahau ri cucumaꜩ cotuha, na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.7#ual ahau ri cucumaꜩ cotuha na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.8#ual ahau curi quicab, cauizimah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.9#quetaam vve labal chibanic calah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.10#chiquivach ronohel chiquilo vve
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.11#camic vve vaih, vve qhaoh chiba
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.12#nic xax quetaam vi qo cut ibal re
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.13#qo vvh popol vvh vbi cumal ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.14#naxa quehe e ahauab nimqui qo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.15#heic nim naipuch qui mevahic are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.16#locbal ꜩac locbal pu ahauarem
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.17#cumal nahtic chic xemevahic xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.18#cahbic chuvach qui cabavil. va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.19#cute qui mevahibal, belehvinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.20#que mevahic hubeleh cut que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.21#cahbic quecatonic. o xlahu vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.22#nac chic quimevahibal o xlahu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.23#chicut quecahbic quecatonic chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.24#vach tohil chuvach pu qui cabauil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.25#xa tulul, xa ahache, xa quinom,
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.26#chiquiloo are mahabi va chiquive
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.27#eh vve cut vclahuh vinac quecah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.28#bic vvelahuh cut quemeuahic ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.29#ui quevaic quiꜩih vi chinimaaua
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.30#zinic chiquibano are retal quiqo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.31#heic e ahauab ruq cut mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.32#ixoc chivar cut xaquituquel chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.33#qui chahih quib quemevahic xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.34#pa rochoch cabauil queqohevi hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.35#ta quih, xa quihilonic, xa catonic xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.36#pu cahbic chiquibano xavi chiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.37#e qovi xquec zaquiric xa choc
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.38#qui qux, xapu choc qui pam ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.39#queꜩononic chirech vzac vqaz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.40#lem cal quiqahol chire naipuch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.41#cahauarem. chiquipacaba quivach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.42#chicah vacute quiꜩonobal chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.43#vach qui cabauil taqueꜩononic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.44#are cut roqueh qui quxva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.45#Acarroc atoob vquih, athu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.46#racan, at vquxcah vleu, at ya
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s1.47#olrech eanal raxal atpuyaol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.1#mial qahol chaꜩiloh, chamaquih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.2#vloc araxal aeanal chayatah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.3#v qazeic vinaquiric val nuqa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.4#hol chipoctah, chivinaquirtah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.5#ꜩucul ave, cool ave; ziqui ave
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.6#pabe, pahoc, pabe ya, pazivan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.7#xeche xecaam chayaa quimi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.8#al quiqahol. matahabi il ꜩap ian
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.9#quexo mata choc qaxtoqonel chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.10#quih chiquivach mepahic me
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.11#zocotahic me hoxouic me catovic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.12#me cahic requem be rahzic be. ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.13#ta habi pac toxcom chiquih chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.14#quivach. que a yatah paraxa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.15#be, paraxa hoc. mata habi quil
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.16#qui ꜩap acuil aviꜩmal. vꜩtah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.17#qui qoheic ꜩucul ave cool ave
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.18#chachi chavach at vqux cah at
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.19#vqux vleu at pizom, ꜫaꜫal at
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.20#puchtohil aulixhacaviꜩ pam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.21#cah v pam vleu. cah ꜩuc cahxu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.22#cut. xa ta zac, xata amac vpam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.23#chachi chavach at cabauil. que
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.24#hecut riahauab ta quemeva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.25#hic chupan ri beleh vinac oxla
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.26#hu vinac vclahu vinac puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.27#quimeuaih quih. choc qui qux
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.28#chuvi cal qui qahol chui puch
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.29#ronohel ixoc alcual taxqui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.30#ban quipatan hu hun chiahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.31#are locbal zac qazlem locbal pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.32#ch ahauarem are rahauarem
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.33#ahpop ahpop camha ealel ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.34#ꜩic vinac e ca cab ta queoquic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.35#quehalou quib chireealixic a
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.36#mac ruq ronohel queche vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.37#xahun xel vi vxeꜩih vxepu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.38#ch ꜩucuh cooh xavi vxe ꜩih. xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.39#ui quehe cubano tamubilocab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.40#ruq rabinaleb ꜫaꜫchequeleb, ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.41#q,iquinaha, tuhalaha, vchabaha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.42#xahun cheel vi ta xiquin chiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.43#queche ta chuban rech ronohel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.44#mana xaqui quehe xeahauaric
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.45#mana xa xquicac cochih ꜩucul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.46#quecool quexata qui vain v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f54s2.47#caha xquibano. mapu xaloc tah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.1#xquiꜩubu xqueleꜫahcahauare-
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.2#quiꜫaꜫal qui tepeval manai pu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.3#xata quehe xcah vzivan vtina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.4#mit chuti amac, nima amac nim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.5#rahil xquiyao xul xit xul puac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.6#xul puch cahcab racantuic ra
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.7#can chi cual chi yamanic xul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.8#puch raxon cubul chactic vpatan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.9#ronohelamac xul chiquivach na
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.10#ual ahauab cucumaꜩ cotuh chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.11#vach puch quicab cavizimah ri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.12#ahpop ahpop camha ꜫalel ahzic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.13#vinac mauixachutin xquibano
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.14#manai pu xata zcaquin chi amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.15#xquicazah quia chob chi amac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.16#xulvptan quiche caxcol cut
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.17#xcamvi xyaquex vi cumal ma
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.18#ui atan xvinaquiric quiꜫaꜫal.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.19#ca cucumaꜩ vxenimal chi aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.20#uarem quehe cut vticaric vni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.21#maric ri vnimaric puch quiche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.22#are chicut xchicacholo vleel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.23#ahavab ruq quibi conohel aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.24#uab xchicabÿh chic.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.25#Vae cute vleel, vtazel aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.26#uarem chi ronohel quizaquiri
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.27#hem balam quiꜩe, balam acab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.28#mahucutah iquibalam. nabe ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.29#mam nabe ca cahau. ta xvachin
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.30#quih xvachin ic, qhumil. vaecute
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.31#vleel vtazel ahauarem xchica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.32#tiquiba vl oc qui chuxe culucuh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.33#chi roquic ahauab ta choquic ta
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.34#chi camiheic hutac le chi ahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.35#ri mama ruq rahaual chitina
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.36#mit ronohel chi huhun chi aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.37#uab vae cute xchivachin vvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.38#chuhuhunal ahauabva.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.39#cate xchivachin vvach huhun chuhu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.40#hunal ahauab quiche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.41#Balam quiꜩe vxe nabal cavi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.42#quib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.43#Cocauib vcale chic balam quiꜩe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.44#Balam conache xtiquiban ahpopol
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.45#roxle curi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.46#Cotuha ztayub vcahle
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s1.47#Cucumaꜩ cotuha vxe naval ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.1#role xqohe vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.2#Tepepul ztayul chic vvac taz.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.3#Quicab cauizimah vvc hal aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.4#uarem naval chivi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.5#Tepepul xtayub v vahxac le
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.6#Tecum tepepul vbeleh le
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.7#Vahxaqui caam quicab cut vla
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.8#hule ahavab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.9#Vucub noh cauatepech chic vhu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.10#lahu taz ahauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.11#Oxib quiehbeleheb ꜩi vcabla
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.12#hule ahauab. arecut que aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.13#uaric taxul Donadiu xehiꜩa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.14#xic rumal castillan vinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.15#Tecum tepepul xepatanihic chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.16#uach castillan vinac are xe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.17#qaholan eanoc roxlahu lea
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.18#hauab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.19#Don Juo. de Rojas Don Juo. cortes
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.20#cablahu le ahauab eqahola
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.21#xel rumal tecum tepepul
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.22#Arecut vleel vtazel ahauarem
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.23#ri ahau ahpop ahpop camba chu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.24#vach caviquib quiche are chi xchi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.25#cabÿh chic re chinamit. Va chicute
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.26#nimha rech huhun chiahauab chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.27#rihahpop ahpopcamha are vbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.28#naam ri beleheb chinamit chica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.29#uiquib beleheb vnimha va tac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.30#vbi e rahaual huhun chi nimha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.31#Ahau ahpop hun vnimha cuhavbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.32#nimha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.33#Ahau ahpopcamha ꜩiquinahavbi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.34#vnimha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.35#Nim chocoh cavec hun vnimha ah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.36#Ahau ahtohil hun vnimha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.37#Ahau ah cucumaꜩ hun vnimha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.38#Popolvinac chitui hun vnimha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.39#Lolmet queh nai hun vnimha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.40#Popolvinac pahom ꜩalaꜩ xcuxe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.41#ba hun vnimha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.42#Tepeu iaqui hun vnimha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.43#Are curi bele heb chinamit chi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.44#cavi quib ꜩaꜩ ral vqahol ahilatal
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.45#chirih beleheb chinim ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.46#Vacute rech nihaibab beleheb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f55s2.47#chivi chinimha are nabe xchica
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.1#bÿh vleabal rib ahauarem xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.2#hun vxe xticar  chuvach vxe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.3#quih vxe zac chivinac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.4#Balam acab nabe mamaxel ca
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.5#hauixel.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.6#Coaculcoacutac vcale
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.7#Cochahuhcoꜩibaha roxle
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.8#Beleheb quih vcah le chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.9#Cotuha ro le ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.10#Baꜩa chicut v vacle chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.11#Ztayul chicut v vcle ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.12#Cotuha chivi v vahxac taz aha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.13#uarem.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.14#Beleheb quih vbeleh taz
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.15#Quema chuqhax chic vlahu le
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.16#Ahau cotuha vhulahu le.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.17#Don christoual chuchaxic xa
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.18#hauaric chuvach caxtilan vi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.19#nac
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.20#zDDon. Pedro de robles ahau ꜫalel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.21#vacamic.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.22#Are curi chi ronobel ahavab
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.22.1#elenac chirih ri ahau ꜫalel are
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.22.2#chic xchicabÿh rahaual huhun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.22,3#chinim ha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.23#Ahau ꜫalel vnabe ahau chuva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.24#ch nihaibab hun vnim ha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.25#Ahau ah ꜩic vinac hun vnim ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.26#Ahau ꜫalel camha hun vnim ha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.27#Nima camha hun vnim ha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.28#Vchuch camha hun vnim ha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.29#Nima camha hun vnim ha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.30#Nim chocoh nihaib hun vnim ha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.31#Ahau auilix hun vnim ha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.32#Yacolatam hun vnim ha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.33#Arecut nim ha ri chuvach ni
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.34#haibab are vbinaam vi beleheb
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.35#chinamit chi nihaibab chuqha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.36#xic. quiia tac cut vchinamital hu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.37#hun chique ahauab are vnabe
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.38#ri mi xcabÿ quibi.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.39#Are chicut rech ahau qui che
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.40#va vmam vcahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.41#Mahucutah nabe vinaccu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.42#Coahau vbi vcale ahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.43#Caelacan
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s1.44#Cocozom
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.1#Comahcun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.2#Vucubah
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.3#Cocamel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.4#Coyabacoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.5#Vinac bam
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.6#Arecut ahauab ri chuvach
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.7#ahau quiche are vleel vtazel
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.8#puch arecut vbi ahauab va
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.9#chupan nimha xacahib vnim
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.10#ha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.11#Ah ꜩic vinac ahau vbi nabeahau
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.12#hun vnim ha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.13#Lolmet ahau ucabahau hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.14#vnimha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.15#Nim chocoh ahau roxahau hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.16#unimha.
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.17#Hacaviꜩ cut vcah ahau hun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.18#vnim ha chicahibcut nimha
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.19#chuvach ahau quiche
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.20#Are curi e oxib chinim chocoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.21#queheri e cahauixel rumal ro
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.22#nohel ahavab quiche xahun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.23#chiqui cuch vi quib e oxib chic
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.24#chocohib. e alanel, e vchuch ꜩih
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.25#evcahau ꜩih nim zcaquin vqo
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.26#heic eoxib chichocohib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.27#Nim chocohcut chuvach nihaib
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.28#vcab curi. nimchocoh ahau chuva
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.29#ch ahau quiche rox nim chocoh
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.30#chi oxibcut ri chocohib huhun
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.31#chivach chinamit. xere cut v
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.32#qoheic quicheri rumal mahabi
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.33#chi ilbalre, qonabe oher cu
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.34#mal ahauab zachinac chic. xere
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.35#curi mixuꜩinic chiconohel qui
urn:cts:uvademo:maya.popolvuh.quc:f56s2.36#che Sta.Santa Cruz vbi.
